There is a yellow table in the center of the room.  There is a wooden chair to the left of the table.There is tall wooden desk in the back of the room.  There is a colorful poster above the desk.There is a cyan plastic table in the center of the room.  There are two wood and fabric chairs, one to the left of the table and one to the right of the table.There is a large wooden desk in the center of the room.  There is a notepad on the desk.There is a small desk to the back left of the room.  There is a notepad on the desk, and a pen on the notepad.There is a round yellow table on the left side of the room.  There is a plate with a sandwich on the table.There is a desk with a computer monitor, keyboard, and mouse on it.There is a couch with a chair next to it. They are both against the wall.There is a desk by the window, across the room from the double doorsThere is a desk in front of the window and a lamp in the corner.There are four chairs around a colorful table in the middle of the room. Possibly it has a jigsaw puzzle on it.There are two chairs laying on the floor on their side and there is a coffee table between them.There is a desk with a chair and a floor lamp next to it.There is a small plain table and a plain chair against the back wall of a large roomthere is a file cabinet in the corner of the room with a black lamp on it. Next to it, against the back wall, is a double bed. Perhaps there are two heads on the pillows but it may be something else.There is a wooden table and chair.  A double door opens into the room.A big sofa is against the back wall of a big room. A coffee table is in front of the sofa with a blue glass objet d'art on itThere is a double bed with a black headboard and two pillows.There is a light brown table with four chairs in the room,on the table there are four plates and four sandwiches on them.There is a double bed with white bedding with a mission style headboard.  There is a matching nightstand.There is a double bed with a black headboard and a green chair sitting next to it.There is a computer desk in the center of the room against the wall.There is brown wood color desk in the room next to the window,and a notepad with pencil on it .There is a blue table with green holders in the room,four plates  with four sandwiches on each on them,also there a four white chairs.There is a round brown wood color table in the middle of the room,green tablecloth with a modern design on the table and two white plates.There is a brown desk in the middle of the room,monitor and a white pc-mouse on a blue mouse stand.A mostly empty green room with a window, a double door, wood flooring, and a desk with only a couple pens and paper on it.This room has green walls, a large window, a double door, wood flooring, a computer chair, and a wooden desk with 3 drawers with a modern lamp on top.This is a room with a clear glass table and a blue chair.This green-walled room has a window, a double door, and a desk with a computer monitor, a mouse, and a keyboard on top.There is a loveseat on one side of the room. A wooden coffee table is in front of it.There is a table with a glass surface. A black stool-like chair is in front of it. The chair has a violet seat color.There is a wooden table near the center of the room with a glass top. Underneath the glass are two newspapers titled "Financial Times".This is a green-walled room with a window, a double-door, and in the corner: a wooden desk with a modern metal lamp, a brown office chair, and a small grey trashcan.There is a yellow table in the room between the window and the door. There is a brown/tan chair in front of the table.There is a table and chair in the center of the room. The chair is brown. The table has a multi-colored surface.This is a green walled room with a window, a double door, and in the center: a couch with a coffee table containing 2 newspapers.There is a red chair, a lamp, and a wooden coffee table in the bottom right corner of the room. The lamp has a little spotlight coming off the side of it.There is a red swivel chair, a wooden table, and a yellow pod chair in the center of the room. The red chair is farther away from the table than the yellow chair.There is a bed against the north wall of the room, and a beige chair in the upper left corner. The bed frame is black, and the mattress has varying shades of gray sheets on it. It has 5 pillows on top of it; 2 white, 2 dark gray, and 1 gray cylindrical.There is a wooden table and 4 wooden chairs in the bottom right corner of the room. 3 of the chairs are knocked over. there are also 4 white plates on the table, each containing a sandwich.There is a room with a small chair and a table next to the window.There is a room with computer desk on the far wall.There is a room with a coffee table and a lamp close to the far wall.It is a room with a master bedroom set on the far wall.It is a room that has two chairs and a long coffee table on the far wall.There is a couch and a coffee table to the left of the room. Behind them is a window.There is an L-shaped couched to the left, with a potted plant next to it and a coffee table in front of it.There is a bed in the centre of the room. Next to it is a cabinet and a lamp.There is a desk and chair at the north side of the room. To its left is a lam and to its right is a wastebasket.There is a bed in the centre of the room. Adjacent to it is a small table and a lamp.square shaped room with in center back. There is a closet on the wall to the right of the bed and a window on the left side.Room has a bed inn center back with 4 pillows 2 white, 1 green, and 1 blue. There is a closet to the right of the bed and a window to the left.There is a couch centered on the left wall underneath the window it is tan and has a coffee table in front of it. There is a closet on the right side of the room.There is a computer desk in the center of the room. The computer is a windows pc.There is a tan sofa against the northern wall. In front of the sofa sits a plant on top of a glass coffee table with a wooden frame.Brown table in center of the room. it has 4 chairs, 2 on each side.In the middle of the room stands a square-shaped dining table with a single white plate on its surface.On the side of the room with the window sits a white sofa with a tan pillow on top. Next to the sofa is a yellow chair.A black lamp sits next to a bed decorated in dark colors. Next to the bed is a white bedstand.To the left when one first enters the room, there sits a wooden desk with a wooden chair, next to a white lamp.A yellow table in the middle of a room. There are green walls.The room has a bed with red sheets. There is a lamp in the corner.A couch is against the wall. There is a plant next to the couch.A room with a yellow table on the middle.A desk is against the wall. There is a painting above the desk.table and chairsI see a stool and a roomI see a desk with a computerI see a bedI see a tableThis is a room with windows on one side and a door on the other. The only thing contained in the room is a table with two chairs on either side of it. The walls are brown and the floor is light brown with a consistent pattern on it.This room contains one window and one door facing opposite the window across the room. The walls are dark brown with the floors a lighter brown pattern. There is a single bed situated inside the room with nothing else.This room has brown walls and a light patterned brown floor. There is only one window and one door in and out of the room which is grey. There is one table with two dishes on it in the center of the room and that is it.This room has dark brown walls, a light brown patterned floor, and a grey door on one wall with a single window facing opposite of it. The contents of the room include one lamp as well as a desk unit with shelving space and drawers on its right side.This room has the same basic makeup of all the others except that the contents instead contain a table with two dishes on it and four chairs positioned around it in the center of the room. Two of the chairs are the same and then remaining two are both of a different style.There is a desk, chair and lamp in the room. The desk has some newspapers on it and the lamp is next to the tableTable with a plant on top of it, and a rug with a coach on it.A table with two silver plates on the topA white desk with a small desk lamp on the right cornerA round table with 2 chairsThere is a sofa, and coffee table front of it, with a flower pot.There is a bed with two pillows and a night lamp to it’s left, side table to it’s right.There is a coffee table in the center of the room, it has a flower pot on it.There is a table and computer on it.There is a chair on top of round floor mat, at one side of the room.white computer desk in the cornerglass table in the middle of the floorbrown desk with a tablet on top and a penA glass table in the middle of the floor with a wooden fold able chaiirwhite coffee table with a blue and brown lamp next to itDark walled room, square in shape with wooden floors. Double doors on opposite wall from double window and wooden looking desk on third wall.There is a room with a window and a door to the opposite side. In the middle of the room is a blue table with 2 chairs facing each other.3 walled room with desk on wall opposite of opening. Double gray closed doors on one wall that is opposite of a wall with double doors.There is a desk against the north wall, it has a small blue notebook on it.There is a yellow table with four  orange chairs around it near the door.Large square room with double windows opposite a set of double gray doors. Small coffee table with translucent, glass like top and vase with flowers on top.Square shaped room with double gray doors and double window. Bed with bedding and 4 pillows against wall toward corner with side table and lamp on the left of the bed.There is a transparent blue rectangular table in the room. It has a fancy wavy stand holding it up. There is a black and white vase on the table.The mahogany stained wood desk is in the middle of the room. There is a blue blotter pad and a notepad on top of it.There is a table with a computer in the room.There is a coffee table in the center of the room with a white cloth and a yellow vase on it. There are also two newspapers on the table as well.Room has a small circular table against far wall with a small chair next to it and a tall floor lamp next to the chair.There is a couch and a coffee table in the middle of the room.This room has a large red chair in it. To one side, there is a lamp. To the other, there is a rectangular white table.There is a bed in the corner of the room.There is a small wooden desk in the center of the room. A lap top sits on the black desk top.There is a table with a pen and paper in the middle of the room.There is a desk with a notepad and pen on it. The desk is located alongside the wall that separates the door and the window.This room has a large white desk in the centre of it. It has a stapler and a keyboard on it.There is a computer desk with a computer near the wall.A red chair sits in the middle of the room. There is a white table to the side near the door and a lamp on the opposite side.In the center of the room, there is a brown and blue coffee table with four chairs surrounding it.On the same wall as the door, there is a large brown desk with a lamp on it.There is a yellow table next to the wall below the window. There is a plate with a sandwich on it sitting on the table.There is a wooden table in the center of the room. There are two chairs pulled up to the table sitting opposite one another.There is a white table in the middle of the room with a lonely brown chair.There is a bed in the back on the room with two red pillows and red sheets with a red laptop on top of the bed.There is a wood and glass coffee table in the middle of the room with magazines underneath it along with a white couch behind the tableThere is a white computer desk with many drawers against the back wall of this roomThere is a black and red couch against the back wall of the room with white and black pillows. There is also a glass "s" coffee table in front of the couch with a vase on top.The room is painted green and is very empty, except for a desk on the wall left of the door. The room has hardwood floors and a window facing opposite of the door.The room is most empty and the walls are painted green. There is a red armchair with a glass coffee table facing the out the window opposite of the glass door.The room is mostly empty and green. Their is a steel desk in the middle of the room with a keyboard and stapler facing the wall left of the glass doors when you enter.The bedroom has green walls and hardwood floor. Their is a bed with a desk facing the wall opposite of the wall on the left when you enter through the glass doors.The room has green walls and two green chairs with a modern circular table in between them. The chairs are on the wall left of the glass doors when you enter, with the chairs facing away from the wall.There is a red chair next to a desk, infront of a window on the left side.There is a red armchair next to a couch with purple cushioning.There is a corner sofa in the upper left with an armchair next to it.At the top middle of the room, a coffee table with a vase on it sits in front of a couch with three cushions on it.An unorthodox table sits near the center of the room.There is a desk off center to the left in the room. The area surrounding it is empty. On the desk is a blue placemat and a small lamp.In the very center of the room there is a brown wooden desk. The desk has many small drawers and cubbies to it. There is a black rolling chair in front of the desk.At the edge center of the north wall there is a lounge seat. The seat has a fabric texture which is blue and green in color. On the right side of the seat there is a tan vase.In the very center of the room there is an extremely colorful table. The table is square in shape and has a white plate in the center. On the plate is a sandwich which looks like is made up of boloney and white slabs of unidentifiable substance. Could be cheese or it could be Play-Doh.There is a very ugly black couch on a diagonal on the left side of the room. The couch has red cushions and black and white throw pillows.The room is very square. There is a wooden brown color on the walls with two windows, two doors, a set of couches, and a vase, the vase and couches of which are placed adjacent to each other. The floor appears to be a light orange wooden plank pattern.This room has the same square appearance as the last one. The walls, windows, doors, and floor are all the same color and in the same exact position. The room is very empty with only a chair, lamp, and table populating the vicinity. The chair is very basic: a light tan fabric covers it with no armrests and regular legs. The lamp has a dark wooden, perhaps mahogany, base to it with a cobalt top. Its position is very peculiar; it's placed on the floor next to the chair and table as opposed to being on the table itself. As for the table, it's the most unusual object out of the three. It has metal edges which house three blue glass panels, two of which are below the top panel to act as a position to place books and magazines.This room is even emptier with only a couch and table populating it. There's a tan, rather comfy couch in the southwest corner. It's a long couch meant to sit three people and has two armrests on each of its sides. The table is a simple, painted white table. The only thing noteworthy about it is a small leafy plant on the edge.This is a room with muddy colored walls. It has wood colored laminate flooring. There is a multi-colored table in one corner of the room and on table is a lamp. There is also a door and windows.At the center of this room there is a brown table. At one corner of the room there is a lamp with 3 heads.At the south wall is a simple, rugged couch. Its cushions are a cloudy grey with red wood armrests on its sides. It looks cheap, but also not very comfortable. The table is very unusual and much to my liking. It has no legs, but rather an odd sine wave-like structure supporting it. The surface of the table is another light blue glass panel with flowers in a vase atop it.There's a basic wooden chair here, basic enough that armrests aren't even present. Facing this chair is a wooden desk with a similar wooden pattern as the floor. On each of its two sides are sets of four drawers. On its back edge, there's lots of little drawers and nooks and crannies to store small objects, perfect for an artist to store their supplies.At the north wall, there is a L-shaped couch with dark beige padding. The base of the couch is black. Placed next to this couch is some sort 3 legged Ikea style container or basket, and it's either illuminating on its own or the light from the window is highlighting it.At north wall of this room is a single twin sized bed with wooden frams, with unusual patterned bed covers. Around the center of this bed lies a black laptop.At the center of this room there is a small four legged wooden table. On this table there is a single plate, it's colored in red, green and yellow.A room with a study desk on the fall wall, there is a notepad and a pen on the desk.A room with a Desk and study chair next to the window.A room with a bed in the center of the room. The bed has pillows and a notebook on top.There is a small yellow table in the center of the room. It is surrounded by three chairs. The wall are painted green. The floor is made up of a checkered wood material. There is one window in the room.There is a small blue stand with a lamp on it in the left hand side of the room. Beside it to the right sets a large stand, maybe for a tv or a computer. In front of that is a computer chair.Against the back wall of the room sets a bed with a bed-stand beside it. The bed has a flower patterned sheet on it.In the far left corner of the room there is a computer desk with a computer chair in front of it.In the back of the room on the center there sits a small round wooden table. Beside of it is a small wooden chair.there's chair against the wall and a coffee table in the middle of the room in front of the chairthere's a table with a dish on it in the middle of the roomthere's a bed in front of the window, a nightstand to the left of the bed & a lamp to the rightthere's part of a sectional in the upper left corner and a chair & what looks like a bench in the middlethere's a bed in the left cornerThere is a table in the corner of the roomThere is a table on the left near the windowThere is a bed on the left of the roonThere is a sofa and table in the room on the left near the windowThere is a laptop on the bed which is placed on the left of the room near the windowThere's a mostly empty room with a light colored parquet floor and dark green wall paint, with a double window, twin bed, and transparent double doors with tiling on the outside of the room. Given the transparent door, I don't understand the bed placement. If the door were not transparent though, I'd say the location of the bed is ideal.The same room as before with different furniture inside. There is a white desk or countertop with a notepad and stapler on top, and three open shelves within. The furniture seems scaled too large, and doesn't fit the space - it takes up too much room and is in a place where it would get in the way navigating around the room, along with entering and leaving the room.Same room, with a small desk featuring two shelves, a drawer, a monitor, and a mouse. The desk seems too small to use a computer comfortably on. The shelves don't seem useful as they're deep but can't be pulled out. The placement of the desk means that people walking by would be able to watch you while working/using the computer, so I don't agree with the placement of the desk and computer.There's what looks like a coffee table against a wall next to the door. The top of the table(?) looks glass, and there are two newspapers folded on the bottom shelf. Given the placement, this looks like something to take off/store shoes, but the materials make it seem like a very short coffee table that should be near a couch or chair. If it's a table, the placement doesn't make sense next to the door. The table is too short to use easily without sitting down.There is a green couch in the left corner of the room. Next to it is a brown table with glass top. Opposite of the couch is a yellow chair.There is a round bed with a red blanket, a floor lamp that curves over to the bed, and a small table with two shelves. The bed seems a bit short, but the placement of it by the windows seems good. The desk/table is a bit big or looks hard to use if on the bed. The lamp fits perfectly with the bed.There is a computer table (with a computer on it) by the wall between the window and the door.There is a computer laying on the floor by the wall. It is centered beside the wall.Near to the wall between the one with the window and the one with the door, there is a colorful small table with a lamp on it.In the middle of the room, there are two different chairs with a small table between them. The table has a glass top. The chairs are brownish and one (left one) has a cushion on it.There is a bed up against the wall with red blankets, two red pillows, and a gray pillow.There is a table with four chairs in front of the door.There is a chair in between a floor lamp and a coffee table up against the wall.There is a desk located underneath the window.There is a glass table located behind the doors.There is a brown chaise by the window. The chaise has 2 square yellow pillows on it. There is a white coffee table next to the chaise. There is a white chair at one end of the coffee table close to the windows.Toward the center of the room there is a red curved triangular chair. Behind that chair is a tiled rectangular coffee table. Behind the coffee table there is a white floor lamp with a small lampshade. The coffee table appears to be on top of a dark brown rectangular rug.There is a small rounded glass like accent table to the right side of the doors. There is a small brown bowl on the accent table. There is a small rounded brown bowl filled with smaller round red objects on top of the accent table.At the far end center of the room there is a brown work desk. To the right of the desk there is a  large white floor lamp. To the left of the desk there is a small black waste bin. Directly in front of the desk there is a dark brown chair with a white seat cushion.There is a brown rectangular desk to the right of the windows in the corner of the room. There is a flat screen monitor on top of the desk with a keyboard.There is a table in the center of the room. There re also two newspapers on it.There is a table. On the table there is a plate and on the plate there is a sandwich.There is a sofa and a table. There are 3 pillows on the sofa and a jug on the table.There is a table. A desktop is present on the table.There is a glass table, a normal chair and a rotating chair.There are two containers/plates. There are some apples in one of them and some kind of dish in the other.There is a table. A screen and a CPU is present on the table.There is a tan couch, in the middle of the room, facing the metal double doors. In front of the couch is a coffee table, with an urn sitting on it.there are a couch and a table in a room. There is a vase on the table.The room holds a blue table in the center, with two wooden chairs to the left and right of it. The window is behind the left chair and the metal doors behind the right chair.There are a couch and a chair beside a wall. There is a pillow on the couch.There is a simple bed under the window. The bed is placed on the far left center of the room.there is a table in the center of the room. There are for chairs around the table. There are for paltes on the table.There is a bed on the top of the room, in the middle. The bed has one pillow and a striped blanket.there is a newspaper table beside a wall. There is a vase on the table.There is a bed beside a window. there is a lamp on the box beside the bed.there is a cot near the window with a laptop laid on the bedthere is a dining table with a blue cloth in the center of the room with four chairs and four plates on the tableThere is a brown couch at the top center of the room. In front of it is a small glass inlaid coffee table with an urn on top.there is a grey color sofa and a tea table with a plant in it on one side of the roomnear the window there is a corner sofa with the white tea table in front of it and an indoor plant at the cornerthere is a desktop computer on a table on one side of a roomThere is a room with a chair and two tables in the upper-right corner.The scene looks like a nice executive office with parquet floors. There is a desktop computer on a modern-looking desk against the wall. There is a large window that provides good natural light and a pair of glass doors adjacent to the desk.The room has one chair and a tiny cafe table. It looks very empty and sparse and I can't figure out what the room is intended for since it is large and appears to be an office. There is a large window and double glass doors.Again, the room looks like it was designed to be an office. However, there is a chaise lounge against the wall and a random coffee table and chair in the middle of the room. The room doesn't make any sense.Again, the room looks like it was designed to be an executive office, with the double glass doors. But there is a double bed against the wall, and no other furniture or decorations. The room makes no sense.There is a red chair in the middle of the green room with a glass table in front of it. On the left side of the room there is a set of windows.There is also a set of metal double doors directly behind the chair.Again, the room looks like it was designed to be an executive office. It has double glass doors and a large window. There is a 1970s style circular bed, with a laptop on it. Not only does the retro bed not match the contemporary feel of the room, it doesn't make sense in what looks like an office setting.There is a rainbow colored table in the center of the green room next to a wood colored chair. To the right of the chair is a set of metal double doors and to the left of the table is a set of windows.In the center of the green room there is an oval shaped glass table with a chair sitting to the left. Behind the chair is a set of windows and to the right of the table there is a set of metal double doors.In the center of the green room there is a wooden table surrounded by 4 wooden chairs. To the right of the table is a set of metal double doors and to the left of the table is a set of windows.In the upper portion of the green room there is a black and blue table with two silver plates sitting on it. To the right of the table is a set of metal double doors and to the left of the table is a set of windows.This room has a queen sized bed with two white pillows, a blue blanket, and what appears to be an extra gray pillow. The frame of the bed is dark green. To the left of the bed is a white floor lamp and to the right of the bed is a light gray nightstand.There is a brown desk in this room, with a blue mat on top of it. On the wall right in front of the desk, there is a light blue poster with a yellow M on it. Surrounding the M, there is two dark gray marks above it, and two purple lines below it on top of a green line. Under the green line there are three pink circles. The circle in the middle is light pink and the circles to the left are dark pink. Below the light pink circle there is a white semi-circle.There is a small brown table in this room. There are four pink chairs with gray legs on each side of the table.There is a large white desk in this room with three shelves underneath it. On top of the desk there is a black stapler and a yellow notepad to the left of the stapler. Both these items are towards the left side of the desk.A room with a multi-tiered desk that has blue paper and a pencil on itA blue room with a white table that has 2 metal plates on it. The floor is wood paneling or laminate.In this room, there is a square table with blue, yellow, orange, green, and red splotches on it. The tables legs are gray and curved inward. There is also another leg branching of the main legs to under the table. On top of the table, in the middle, there is a white plate. There is a sub sandwich on the plate.In the blue room near the center there is a multiple color table. On the table is a sandwich in a deli bun.In the blue room with the wood floor there is a bed with a night stand next to it. There is a lamp on the night stand aimed toward the beda white coffee table with a brown pot with a plant inside of it and a gray sofaAgainst the wall of a dark blue room there is a desk. On the desk is a white piece of paper and two pens that are standing straight up.a blue and beige sectional and with a red garbage cana blue rolling chair a blue recycling bin a lamp a computer deskwhite computer desk and a white computerThere is a patterned carpet, a table and monitor. There is a door to the viewers right and  a window to the left. a key board and a mouse are also visible, on the table in front of the monitor, on the table.It is the same room, with  a wooden table.There is a bed with a dark russet cover, a grey pillow at the end of the room by the wall. the head of bead is across and facing the window. the door is closer to head of bed.two wooden seats and a wooden tableCloser to the door, by the wall is a chair and a smaller piece of furniture for seating. they are across from the window.By the wall between the door and the window, is what looks like a two-seater, sofa or a couch, a house-plant and a coffee table.There is a small round table in the middle of the room. A sandwich on to of the table.There are two chairs and a blue table in the center of the room. The chairs are across from on another on either side of the table.There is a desk, office chair and a stand alone lap in the front of the room.There is a wooden table in the center of the room.  There is a plate with a sandwich on the table.There is a beige bed in the back center of the room.  There is a big brown armchair to the right of the bed.There is a white desk to the back of the room.  There is a monitor, a keyboard, and a mouse on the desk.There is a wooden desk on the left side of the room.  There is a gray laptop on the desk.There is a double bed with a gray blanket on the right side of the room.  There is a large nightstand next to the bed.There is a round table with a lamp on it in the center of the room.  There is also a single window with open shutters in the room.There is a desk, desk chair, and floor lamp all groped together in the corner of the room.  There are 3 large windows on the wall across from the desk.The room contains a beige couch. Before the couch is a white coffee table upon which is a yellow vase.The room is L shape.  There is a square table with 2 wooden chairs in the center of the room.  There is a set of 3 small corner shelves next to a single window.This is an L shaped room.  Along the back wall is a couch, a single wooden chair and a window.In the center of the room is a round table. Four chairs are equally spaced around the table facing its center.This room is rectangular.  There is a square table with 4 chairs in the center of the room.  There are also 3 windows along one of the wallsThere is a desk in the center of the room with a stapler and a notepad on it. There are shelves in the corner of the room. There is a single window.There is a desk against the wall. There is a single chair. A trash can is to the right of the desk and a lamp is to the left.A rounnd yellow table is in the center of the room with four wooden chairs surrounding it.In the rear of the room is a table with an ornate base. To the left of the table positioned at a slight angle is a chair with a white seat and brown slatted back.There is a yellow table in the center of the room with a sandwich on it.There is a red couch in one corner and a black vase in another corner. The couch has two green pillows on it.There is a brown table in the middle of the room. There is also a brown chair at the table.The room has a brown floor and a brown and white graphic design on the rear wall. Positioned to the left near the window is a small round yellow table on which stands a brown lamp with a blue shade.There is a couch with it's back to the wall and a chair next to the couch. Both the couch and the chair are brown and the couch has an orange and a yellow cushion on it.There is a yellow lamp and a grey trashcan. There is also a brown and black desk and a brown chair at the desk.There is a white desk at the back wall. There are a keyboard and monitor with the windows 7 logo on it on the desk.There is a yellow table with a single chair near the center of the room.  Also, in the upper right corner there is a window that spans the middle of the corner.There is a table with a notepad on it in the room.There is a bed with three pillows and a bedside table next to it.There is a couch and a coffee table in the room. There is a plant on the table.There is a small table in the room. There is a glass vase on the table.There is a couch by the window that's facing it. There is a table right behind the couch. There is a vase on the table.In the upper left corner is a tan bed frame with a gray mattress.  Next to it is a small night stand with a red lamp that has a blue lamp shade.  This room has the same window as before. It has cherry colored wooden baseboards and crown molding.  It has a border in the middle that is black with zulu mask faces on it.There is a black bed in the room with silver grey sheets and covers,next to the bed is white nightstand and grey lamp on it,and very nice decorated wall behind the bed.There is a room with blue color walls,coffee table with glass top,two chairs one yellow,the other light brown with blue holders,and nice wooden window.This room has forest green colored walls, with a bamboo hardwood floor.  On one side of the room it has a double window.  Opposite that side is a set of gray double doors.  In the center of the room is a white table with 4 white plates with sandwiches on them.  The sandwiches have olives on the top of them.  There are four tan fabric covered chairs at the rectangular white table.This room has a cherry covered hardwood floor with a cherry trimmed triple window on end.  Near the window is a round yellow table with a red lamp and blue lamp shade on it. On one side of the room is a design that is made of pine plywood and cherry finished wood, that covers most of the wall.There is a room with wooden brown color desk,blue stand,violet stampler  and keyboard on it.There is  a room with a round yellow table with a white plate on it,and nice decorated wall.this room has tan/green walls and a tile floor .  On one side of the room is a triple window.  Under the window is a white rectangular desk with a spiral bound notebook on top of it.  The room has nice patterns on the lower part of the walls.There is a room with a black bed silver grey sheets white pillows and little blue pillow i the middle,and nice wooden window.Table needs to be in the right of where it sits right nowSofa and rugThere is a table with 2 chairs near the center of the room.Small table needs to be moved by the sofaTable and chairs need to be moved to the side by wallThere is a bed in the corner of the room. The bed is on the opposite side of the room as the windows.This should be moved to the far away from doorThere is a bed in a corner of the room, on the same wall as the window. The bed is made up with pillows and a blanket.There is a large bed in the room, at the center of one wall. Beside the bed is an ornate nightstand.There is a small round table in one corner of the room. On the table is a lamp with a lampshade.The room has a large brown mural and a large window.The room has a large corner window, a table, and a chair.The room has a n open window and a large table.The room has a large table and 4 chairs.The room has a sofa and coffee table, and a green plant.This is a room with a round, separated table in the middle.This is a room with a white desk and black chair in the upper center of the room.This is a room with a sectional and ottoman in the upper left corner, an open window in the upper middle wall, and a plant in a planter in the upper right corner.A couch a the rear end of roomThis is a room with a brown desk, gray chair and gray lamp in the upper middle section of the floor.This is a room with a bed, nightstand and lamp in the upper middle section of the floor.The squaretable at the centre of hallA bed at the front middleA table at the cornerof hallthere is a couch in the upper right corner of the roomThere is a rug in the center of the roomThere is a desk up against the walltwo chairs and a middle tableThere is a desk and laptop in the corner of the roomThere is bed and lamp in the center of the room up against the wallThere is a room with one window on one of the walls, and an end table with a lamp on it on the adjacent wall.  The wall paper is a tan color, with a border on the bottom of the walls.There is a room with a red armchair.  Next to the armchair is a white couch that curves around the corner of the room.There is a room with a window on one wall.  On the adjacent all there is a desk with a wooden chair, and a floor lamp sitting next to it.There is a room with green wallpaper and a window.  Across from the wall with the window, there is a double door.  In the middle of the room there is a round table with one chair.  The floors are made of wood.There is a rectangular room with a wall that is completely covered by a window.  In the middle of the room there is an end table with a vase on it.  The wall next to the one with the window has an interesting wood design.There is a desk with a chair against the wall. There is a lamp in the corner.There is a bed with grey sheets, with a red table beside it. The doors to the room are also grey.There is a wooden bed in the center of the room, with a wooden chair beside it. The carpet in the room is gray with tan diamonds, and there is a window on the right wall.There is an open window on the far wall with wood shutters. There is a wooden table in the corner, and the walls are painted blue.There is a single chair in the pictureThere is a single chair in the roomthere is a table in the middle of the room.there is a glass table in the middle of the room. there is a couch next to the table.there is a circular table in the middle with a chair next to it.there is a couch on the wall of the room in front of a table with a plant on it.there is a computer table next to the wallA room with a black sofa in the back of the room.  There is a glass table with a plant in front of the couch.The room is L-shaped.  There is one window in the back.  Near the window there is a round table with one orange chair.There is a bed with grey sheets on the left wall of the room.There is a brown desk with a piece of paper on it on the left side of the roomthere is a tan sofa and a wooden table with a lamp on it on the left side of the room. There is a window on the upper left corner of the room.This room appears to be the upper level of a square room.  In the middle of the room there is a computer desk with a moniter and keyboard on top of the desk.there is a bed with two pillows in the center of the back wall of the room. To the right of the bed is a lamp, and the left there is a white night stand. On the left corner of the room there is a window with a sitting nook.The room has three windows on one wall.  There is a red bed in the back of the room.  Along side the bed is a side chair that is red and white.There is a two-door closet on the right side of the room. In the left corner of the room there is a red two-level desk. There is a window on the left wall of the roomon one wall there is a single window.  Across the room from the window is a folding table and chair.There is a couch against a flowered wall. There is a round window in the corner of the room. the floor has a rug on it.there is a rectangular wooden table in the center of the room that has 4 chairs around it. the floor is tan and tiled. the walls are green.There is a couch and a chair against the far wall. the walls are blue and the floor is tiled. there are 3 windows on the wall.the floor is a beige rug over hard wood floors. there is a yellow round table in the center of the room with a plate that has a sandwich on it. there is a window in the corner of the room.the walls are blue, black, and grey. the floor is tiled. there is a shelf and computer on a desk in the corner of the room by the window.There is a table with a plate on it.  There are also two windows and some lights (?) on the all.There is an office desk with a keyboard and a stapler on it.There is a small table and two chairs as well as an open window.There is a more elaborate desk and office desk pushed against the wall with a chair in front of it.There is a bed against the left wall.A square blue table surrounded by 4 chairs. 3 chairs are facing one direction while another faces away from the table.Square multicolored table with a modern looking lamp on itDesk next to the window with a painting on the wall in front. The door is across from the windowA desk and chair with a garbage can to the left, a lamp to the right, a window on the wall to the left, and the wall in front of the desk has a unique pattern.A coffee table with a intricate vase on top. There is a bay window in the room and two notches in the wall adjacentA windowed room with a desk and a chair and a corner lounge. All items are placed to the NWA windowed room withe a yellow table in the center with four plates on it surrounded by four chairs.A windowed room with a couch on the north wall and a coffee table with a vase on it in the center.A windowed room with a couch on the north wall , a coffee table in front of couch and a chair southwest of coffee table.a corner widow room with a a table and chair sitting to the east side.there is a white table in the center of the room with a computer on it.There is a room with a black chair in the center and a window on the right.There is a bed in the room and a window on the opposite wall.There is a white rolling table in the room and a window at the North.The is a square room with a blue oval table in the upper left cornerthis is a office with a desk, chair, trash, and lampThere's a lamp beside a chair and a coffee table in front of the chair.this is a room with a dinner table and chairs in the centerThere is a wooden desk and flowered wallpaper with a window on the Northwest.this is a room with a light blue desk and a chairthis is a computor roomBrown desk in center room. Diamond-patterned carpetit has blue walls and window thats opened and there is a white table on the floor and a floor lampThere is a bed with a lamp on one side of it and a dresser on the other.A brown room with a table and a chair.Black bed with gray sheets against center of left wall. Nightstand on one side, lamp on the other. Window is open.yellow and black room and a white desk and 2 shelf and a gray floor and brown deseign on itThere is a bed with a table on one side of it and a lamp on the other side of it.There is a bed against one wall, flanked by a lamp and and end table.  There is a window with open shutters on one wallGray desk centered against top wall. Hard drive under desk. Mouse, keyboard and monitor on top of desk.A room with pink flowered wallpaper and parquet floor, with a sectional sofa and table with flowers.  There appears to be a staircase in the northwest corner.There is a table in the center of the room, with a blue chair next to it.    There is a window in the corner of the room.Round, white table and tan chair in center of room. Gray double doors on upper right side.brown walls with black trimming .a orange floor  with brown trimming .1 brown and  white shelf a brown desk next to the bed and gray floor lamp.There is a round table with a green cloth and a sandwich on it.A large brown room with a parquet floor and a desk at the north end.  There's a window in the west wall and what looks like a chalkboard on the east wall.There is a gray couch with a brown coffee table in front of it.   Behind the couch, on the wall, there are two columns of 3 circular objects.   The other wall has two floor-to-ceiling windows.green wall.3 windows a deskThere is a yellow round table with four plates and four sandwiches on the table. Around the table are four chairs.There is a rectangle table with a blue table cloth and runner. It has four plates with sandwiches on it and there are two chairs on each side of the table.A small room with a patterned carpet and a small computer desk on the north end.  There's a monitor, keyboard and mouse on the desk, and a window in the east wall.There is a tan couch near the window. Near the couch is a blue glass table with a gray vase on it.In the center of the room, there is a table with two pink plates on it.pink wall and purple ,also pink flower pattern on wall orange and yellow floor a floor lamp desk etcBed with purple quilt and blue/white speckled pillows against center of right wall. Curved design on upper wall. Brown nightstand next to bed. Three-pane window on wall opposite bed.There is a curved couch in the center of the room, with a coffee table behind it.  On the table there are flowers.   The room has a window in the corner.   One wall has a wallpaper design.   The floor appears to be either carpeted or tiled with a square design.against the green wall, there is a green sofa seat with a lamp table next to it.light and drk green wall with three windows checked floor a deskA large room with a dining table and chairs in the center of a parquet floor.  There is food on the table, a window in the west wall and a doorway in the east wall.There is a white desk against the wall near the window.One white table is up against a wall.   There appears to be 2 items under the table.   A window appears in the cornerThere is a bed against the wall with the decal and a laptop on the bed.There is a yellow table with a sandwich on it in the center of the room.Tan desk centered against upper wall. Square, gray trashcan to it's left, lamp with trapezoid lampshade to its right. Black chair with caster wheels in front of desk. Beige, checkered carpet.drk blue and lighter blue wall window is opened there is a brown desk and tile floorAn L-shaped room with a tile floor.  There's a window in the northeast of the room and a table at the north end.A desk is located against one wall.  It has a tower computer under it, and a monitor, keyboard and mouse on top.   A bay window is on one wall, and a diamond design appears on the floor.pirple bed with burgudy floor brown walls 3 windows black and yellow deseignon wallThere is a white desk against the back wall on top of it is a sketch pad pencil and two pens.Solitary white desk centered against upper wall, in front of open wrought-design window. Floor lamp with trapezoid shade to the right of desk.A green room with tile floor and patterned wallpaper on the bottom half of the wall.  There's a window in the west and a table with two chairs in the north 1/3 of the room.A metal and wood table is against one wall, there is a computer monitor and mouse on top of  it.   There is a window in the corner, and designs on the walls and floor.There is a desk on the back wall and it has a keyboard, monitor and mouse sitting on it.A brown room with patterned wallpaper and a plain brown carpet.  There's a table at the north end of the room and a glass cabinet in the northeast corner.This room is L shaped.  In one portion, there is a rectangular table, brown on the outside, and two colors of blue in the middle.   It is surrounded by 4 brown charis.   There is one window, and a small set of shelves.   The floor is a cross-hatched pattern.Green sofa against upper left wall, with rectangular brown coffee table in front of it. Floor lamp in upper left corner. Upper wall has two floor-to-ceiling windows. Six rounded, recessed lights in right wall.There is a room with subtle colors of furniture, but what stands out is the unordinary. There is a red chair that your eye immediately shifts to.There is a rather large bed in the middle of the room. It has a grey pillow on top of it. A wooden frame supports it.There is a desk in the center of the room and it has a monitor and keyboard on it and it looks like it is a msn page pulled up.A blue box of a room with a window with western shutters that are open. The rest of the room contains a tiny white table with one lamp on it.There is a wooden table accompanied by two chairs in the middle of the room. A green tablecloth sits on top of the table.there is a table corner of the roomThe brown room is almost entirely empty except for a brown bench that appears to be made out of wood.there is a table life  corner of the roomThe room has hardwood flooring, light brown walls, with one wall having two large sets of barred windows. This wall also has a desk parallel to it, and the wall perpendicular to it has 6 indented circles in a pattern on it.There is a table against the wall between two large windows.There is a brown desk sitting in front of the window and there is a pen and pad sitting on it.Towards the north wall theres a tan sofa. In the middle there is a brown possibly wooden coffee table. To the right there is a triangular chair salmon in color.This dull and unattractive room presents a brown desk with a laptop computer on it.This blue room has a feature added: a gray sofa.There is a tan sofa on the west wall of this room. And then to in the top right corner there is a black vase with white decoration on it.The room has dark hardwood flooring, and a bed dominates the middle of the room. The bed is facing away from the wall with a wave design on it featuring wood and some red, and the wall perpendicular to it has a large framed window.This is an empty room save a small table with a notebook and pen laying on top.There is a brown couch against one wall and a black marble vase in the corner of the room.This interesting room holds a red sofa with pillows as well as a coffee table.White bed towards the east wall. Up from the bed is a white night stand followed by a lamp of some sort.I see what looks to be an office space. Though it is quite empty, I noticeably see a table with a desk lamp on it . The desk is white, the lamp is black, the floor is a brown checkered pattern, and the walls are black.The room is arranged in an L shape with a tile floor, and a segmented pattern on the wall with a rock design on the lower third of it. There is a desk facing the wall with a two tiered window facing outside.There's a small desk towards the top.This room appears to be a bedroom with one bed and white sheets along with a fan and a small white night stand.towards the middle there is a glass desk. On top of this desk there seems to a be a golden jug of some sort.The room has a tan rug covering the dark hardwood floor, and the wall is a turkish pattern with a black pattern running through the middle i na small strip. In the corner lies an L shaped shelf, and in the middle is a modern coffee table with a brass jug on it.There is a table center of the room with yellow table cloth.There is a brown desk with three drawers and a piece of notebook paper and pencil on top against the window.I see a room with a round table near the middle of it. The round table has a yellow circle with other colors lining it. The room is a brown tone with brown floors and a right corner window with what looks to be a bench seat.A room with a desk in one corner, and a cabinet in another.The room has a brown rug and a hardwood floor. In the middle of the room is a modern white armchair, with a circular coffee table and a lamp. The walls have a turkish pattern, and their is a window with a windowsill shaped as an L in the corner.There is a table center of the room with green table cloth.Jet black couch in the middle of the room. Air hockey table below it. Small plant in the top right corner.There is a table and chair  center of the room with block table cloth.The room has an alternating tile diamond floor, with a desk facing the back wall. The brownish green wall has two rectangular indents on the side, and their is a window that juts out on the perpendicular wall.There is a white platform bed against the wall opposite the window. There is a white nightstand next to the bed and a floor lamp in the corner next to that.There is a corner of the tableThis is a room with a coffee table in it. The table sits on a rub with diamond shapes on it.  On the table there is a pad of paper and something to write with.I see a gray colored room and hardwood looking floors. The room has two floor to ceiling windows and six round silver circles on the right wall. There is a desk in between the two windows with what looks to be a pen and paper laying on it.A room with a bed with a laptop. The room has a wall with three large windows and another wall with a decoration.There is a table right corner of the roomThe wall has a light hardwood floor, green walls, and there is a window on the the wall opposite of the glass double doors.  In the middle of the floor is a modern desk with plastic green legs, a blue top, and a lamp on it.There is a small round pedestal table on one side of the room nearest the window. The table has a white empty plate on top of it.This room is covered in a brown patterned wallpaper.  There is a chair sitting in front of a round table with a section removed and slightly away from the main section of the table.  There is a floor lamp in front of the table.There is a white metal desk in the corner of the room with a black desk lamp on top.There is a table top corner of the roomA room with a desk and lamp in the corner. Room has shelving in another corner and a window.I see a more zoomed in image of a room. The room looks to have a hardwood type of floor and hunter green walls. There is a desk in the room with a big window in front of it. The desk is brown and has a pencil and pad laying on it. The desk has three drawers and on the opposite wall is double silver doors.There is a white desk sitting on a brown hardwood floor.  Beside the desk is a floor lamp.The floor has an alternating tile design with a black pattern running alongside the perimeter of the floor. The walls are accented, and there is a bed facing out the window on the wall opposite to it. There is a desk with a lamp on the right side of the bed.This room is covered in a brown patterned wallpaper.  There is a small round table sitting on the floor.There is a blue coffee table with green metal leg supports in the middle of the room with a black desk lamp on top.This room has a small yellow table and a shelf in the corner.I see a mostly grey room with brown floors. There is some type of design on the wall and in front of that wall is a white desk and a floor lamp. On the left side of the room is three floor to ceiling windows.The floor of this room consists of a cream colored slate or some other kind of hard, rocklike surface.  There is a gray table in the corner of the room.The walls of this room are olive green with a light wooden floor.  In the middle of the room is a blue rug with a desk lamp sitting on it.There is a two seat red couch with white pillows against the wall with the window. In front of it is a brown square coffee table with a red potted houseplant on top.This room has a desk next to a floor lamp against a wall. The room has three large windows and decoration.This is a tiled living room with a wooden coffee table containing a fern.  There is leather brown coach behind the coffee table.I see a grey room with blue patterned floors. There is two insets on each side of one wall with a plant in the right corner. There is a bay window on the right wall. In the middle of the room is a black sectional couch with a white table on the back side of it.The walls of this room are pink, with one wall having a pink floral pattern on a white and cream background.  There is a wooden desk and a chair on rollers in the right corner of the room.This room has a glass table with a metal flask. The room also has a corner shelf and wallpaper.There is a dining room with a mahagony floors.  The room has three windows along one wall.  The table is small with a mosaic finish and four chairs surrounding it.  There is a beige and brown swirl on the wall.There is a modern looking black sectional sofa in the center of the room.  In the corner by a bay window is a potted plant.There is a futuristic white chair in the center of the room. In front of it is a circular brown table with one wedge cut out of it and placed directly in front of it. There is also a floor lamp with a square pedestal base and white lampshade in front of that.This room comes with a white chair, a sectional table and floor lamp. There is also a corner shelf and wallpaper.there is a large window on one side of room. There is a bed on opposite side to the left.I see one of the same rooms I saw earlier. It's a grey room with what looks to be hardwood floors. It has floor to ceiling windows and on the right side is six silver circles with silver dots in the middle. Between the to sets of of three silver circles is a writing desk. The desk has multiple drawers and two levels. There is also what looks to be a laptop sitting in the middle of the desk.The room has tiled flooring with a blank white desk underneath a bank of windows on the wall.  The walls consist of three different types of wall paper.  The bottom layer is divided by a near blackish border.This room comes with a black sectional couch, a white table, and a potted plant in the corner. The room also has a large window and checkered floor.I see a green room with hardwood floors. There is two windows on the left wall. There is a aqua table in the middle of the room and a black desk lamp sitting on the table. On the right side of the room is silver double doors.A master bedroom consisting of a black framed bed with silver sheeting.  There is a white end table sitting next to the bed.  There is a small bank of windows along one wall.The room has a couch against the wall. There is a table in the center of the room.there is a window with shutters at back of room. they are open. in the middle of the room there is a small yellow table with a lamp.This room has a bed in the corner. There is a table with a lamp on it next to the bed.The room consists of diamond embroidered carpet.  There are two chairs sitting along the ends of a coffee table.  The rear wall has two cut outs to go along with the egress window.This room has a bed with red bedding against the wall. Next to the bed is a chair.This room has a desk in it. On the desk are some papers.The room consists of parkay flooring along with a lamp, trash can, wooden desk and a chair.  The room consists of metal doors that appear to be chained shut.This room has a desk with a chair against one wall. Nest to the desk are a lamp and garbage can.at the back of the room there is the same window as in previous scene. THere is a bed on the left side,This room has a table in it. On either side of the table are chairs.The room consists of grey wall a white desk along with a black computer chair.  There are 6 windows on the left wall to go along with the tiled flooring.On the left side of room, there is a window. Below it is a white desk.This room has a desk against the wall. There is ornamental wood work on one of the walls.This room has a couch and table against one wall. There is built-in in the corner under the window.On the left is a window. at the back of the room is a table with 4 chairs.A computer desk, in the corner of the room with a standing and chair.Two chairs and a table, in the middle of the room.On the left side is a double bed. At the back right is a window which wraps around [the corner].Blue table in the center of the room with a white plate.Black l-shaped couch with a glass coffee table, and a small decor plant on the other side of the room.Red carpet, with a nice painting design on the wall. Windows to the left side of the room near the bed and night stand.Small round table in the center of the room with four chairs surrounding.Big window on left side. at back there is a sweeping stairway covering entire wall. In front of the stairway is a sofa. In front of sofa, a table, and, to its left, a chair.There is a laptop on a desk close to a windowGreen walls with a white desk, with a stapler and notepad.There is a nightstand lamp over a colorful table with metal gray legs.Again, at back, is the same stairway. At its entry is a glass table. On left side, a large window.The sun is setting outside the room with a corner window.Con-caved couch in the bottom left of the room with a long horizontal coffee table.There is a brown sofa with a coffee table in a room with brown tile floor.The L-shaped room has a simple light brown chair and a simple brown table.Large ample windows illuminate a room with high ceilings and parquet floor. The room has a brown sofa with yellow and light brown pillows next to one of the walls. A brown chair is next to the sofa.A room with green walls and a patterned wallpaper has a single window with a brown frame. A single-leg table with a lamp is located in one of the corner of the room.The room has brown wallpaper with a leaf pattern walls matching the solid light brown floor. A glass round table is located on one side of a chair close to one of the corners of the room. A lamp is on the floor on the other side of the chair.A room with a computer desk and an open windowThere is a desk with a laptop on it in the left corner of the room. A large bookshelf or window sits in the corner.A room with three picture Windows and a desk with a tvA room with a couch and pillow a single chair and a three picture WindowA white desk is in the room, and there is a large window with swinging shutters. There is something above the desk, but I cannot tell if it is a photo or maybe a tv?Along-side the wall, almost in the corner is a white desk. On this desk is a pc computer with a wireless keyboard and a mouse. A large bay window sits behind the deskA room with a large couch against a picture window. There is a rug in front of the couch with a floor size vaseIn the middle of the room is a blue chair and a table. The window in the corner has wood slats that divide it into sections.A dark room with a pool tableIn the middle of the room is a brown chair and a brown table. There is a window with swinging shutters.A room with a sectional sofa a table and an office chair. There is also a big three picture windowThere is a round table in the center of the room. There is a sandwich on the table.In the middle of the room is a small square table, two white and black chairs sit at it opposite of each other. There is also a window that has swinging shutters.A dark room with a bed made up with pillowsIn front of a window is a large beige couch. A glass coffee table is in front of the couch with a large gray jar on top.There is a desk on the top right area of the room. There is a book and a stapler on the desk.i see a rectangular table in the center of the room. There are 4 chairs around the table and 4 plates on the tableA room with just a table with a plate on it. There is also a three picture windowAt the back wall of the room sits a green chair and a small table.In a room with a window and french doors, there is a table. The brown table sits in the middle with four brown chairs sitting around itthere is a couch and a glass coffee table in front of it. There is a plant on the table.There is a blue chair and a desk in the room. The stand of the desk is very detailed with a golden ornament.There is a desk under the window on the left. A notepad rests on the desk. There is elaborate wallpaper in the room.there is a couch with a pillow on it in the back of a room. there is a wooden chair in the room close to the couch.As you walk into the room you notice a small table with a lamp out the corner of your right eye.there is a coffee table in the center of the room. it has a glass top with a vase on it.A white table with two metal chairs has been stationed directly in the middle of the room.There is a room with wallpaper on the walls and there is a tan rug on the floor. There is brown, square table in the room with a blue vase sitting on it. There is a tall oriental looking cabinet in the corner.A computer desk sits in the left corner of the room. Above the desk you see a painting hanging on the wall.there is a rectangular table in the center of the room with a metal folding chair beside it.A laptop computer is on the bed in a room which gets lots of light through its many windows.There is a room with large panel windows on one wall. There is a art decoration on one of the other walls. There is a bed with two white pillows and a blue blanket on it and a small bedside table near it.there is a desk in the back of the room on the left side. there is also a picture on the wall behind the desk with a face on it.In the room is a chair, coffee table, and sofa. The design of the furniture is modern. The chair is yellow, the coffee table is glass, and the edges of the sofa are upturned.You see a desk sitting directly in front of the rooms only window. The window provides a natural light for the work station.A chair and a bed are set against what looks like a large walk-in closet with sliding doors.Room with pink floral pattern walls, diamond pattern floor, and window in corner. The Room, also, has a single table in the center with two pink plates on it.There is a room with a large window on one of the walls. There is a desk sitting in the room with a stapler and a PC keyboard sitting on it. The floor has a decorative pattern carpet.Green room with pattern on one third of the wall and tile floor. The room has a window on the left and a yellow table with four chairs in the center.A large glass table and orange chair stand out like a sour thumb. The table is over sized for the room, the chairs color does not blend well with the room.There is a coffeetable before a sofa by the furthest wall of the room. The sofa has grey cushions and the coffee table appears to be made from a dark wood.There is a room with dark gray walls and a tan carpeted floor. There is a black sofa near a glass table upon which there sits a nice houseplant.A modern lamp sits on a small table in a room which has an ornately carved window frame, and wooden slatted shutters that open outwards.above a room there is a room with no walls. in this room there is a couch in the center and a wooden coffee table  with glass on the top  of it in front of it. there is a plant on the table and 2 newspapers on the bottom shelf of the table.There is a room with green walls and a tan tiled floor. There is a bed with two pillows and a tan blanket sitting near a brown reclining chair.Room with a centered black, grey, and white bed next to a glass night table and standing lamp. The room has two indentations in the wall behind the bed and a window on the right of the bed.The room appears to be a bedroom. A blue bed and white nightstand are pushed against the furthest wall. A window is on the left side.in the back center of the room there is a wooden desk with a swivel computer chair in fron of it. there is a large window to the left of the desk.There is a blue room with brown trim with a decorative window which is open. There is a small wooden table near the center of the room.A bed and a red modern-style chair on in a room.  The doors of the room look metal, and have a type of handle that is rarely used in bedrooms, or homes in general.A modern, medium sized bed, rests length wise in the room. The headboard is gently touching the wall. A glass night stand and lamp stand next to the bed.A desk sits in the middle of the room. On the desk is a reporters notebook, a pencil, and a pen. A bay window is on the right wall.Room with pattered walls, tan floors, and window in the corner. The room also has a white bed with grey sheets and two pillows centered on the right wall.This room seems to have a sunken tile floor, with a decorate border around it.  There is a closet with sliding doors, and a bed with a blue pillow on it.There is a green room with a tan ceramic tiled floor with a nice sectioned window on one wall. There is a yellow table with four sandwiches topped with olives served on four silver plates which sit on the table. There are four orange kitchen chairs sitting around the table.A large red chair has been positioned in the upper left corner of the room. Immediately to the right, you notice a modern couch with a large circular pillow approximately two feet in length.Room with two indentations in the back wall and a window on the right. The room has a desk centered in the room with two pencils, a 'reporter's notebook', and blue mat.This room has almost nothing in it, except for a simple computer desk with a keyboard on it (no computer), and a stapler.  It has the kind of window with a sort of recessed ledge that you could sit in.There is a room with white walls and white carpet with a  wooden and glass table with a copy of the Financial Times publication inside. The table is sitting in front of a tan colored sofa.Room with two large windows and a wall with six spaced circles that resemble speakers. The room also has a green chair, lamp, and table in the corner next to the windows.The room with the beautiful carved window frame and shutters has a stone floor, and a plain wooden table in it."L" shaped room with red sofa with two pillows on it and a vace next to it. There is one window above the sofa.Table centered in room with single square bowl on top of it.This room has a cool corner window seat with a window that spans parts of two walls.  There's a glass vase in the room, which also has unusual wallpaper.There is a table in the middle of the room. On the table is a white plate with a sandwich on it.In the corner of the room there is a bed. Beside the bed is a small table with a lamp on it. There are three big windows on the wall.There is a wall with gray double doors. Across from the room there is a window with a couch facing it. Behind the couch is a table with a lamp on it.There is a unique window in the corner of the room. In the  middle of the room is a bed with gray blankets and black pillows. Beside the bed is a table with a lamp on it.There is an artistic decal on the wall. There is a yellow desk in the room with a keyboard and a red stapler.There is an L shaped room. In the corner there is a window. Beside the window is a desk with a computer on it.There is a room with doors on one wall. There is a window, and below it is a desk with a computer on it.There is an art decal on the wall. One wall has three big windows on it. In the middle of the room is a round tale with a lamp on it.There's a yellow table, and a pink chair in the corner of the room.There's a dresser in the corner of the room, and a yellow table with a brown wooden chair.There's a bed in the center of the roomThere's a coffee table in the room with a plate on it, on top of a black table runner.a wooden table with a wooden chair  china cabinetThere's a television in the room on top of a tableThere's a couch in the corner of the room with a coffee table, and a plant in the other corner. The windows are open.a bed a window a selfThere's a computer in the center of the room, on top of a deskThere's a bookcase in the corner of the room with a yellow table in the centera wooden table a plate two windows six windowtile/laptop/wooden desk/mats/windowsbed/window/lamp/end table/speakersmonitor/keybord/computer desk/window/doora bed/windowThere is a black bed with a white table and black-shaded lamp along the far wall of the room.  On the left side there are three windows.table/4 rolling chairs/windowIn the corner of the room is a window nook.  Along the flower-papered wall of the room is a desk with a computer monitor and mouse on it.There is a wooden dining table in the middle of the room with one chair next to it.  There are three windows behind the chair.Along the right wall there is a set of double doors.  In the middle of the room is a small table and metal chair, with a lamp beside it.  There is a double window on the left wall.There is a long rectangular table in the middle of the room, with a blue tablecloth with a dark stripe in the middle of it, and four brown wooden chairs on each side of the table.There is a brown desk against the side of the far wall in the room with a piece of paper on it, and a window on the wall on the left side of the room.This is the same room as before, with a window on the left wall. The brown desk is still the only thing in the room against the far wall. The paper is gone off the top of the desk, and now there is a computer monitor and keyboard on the desk.There is a window nook in the corner of the room.  In the middle of the room is a small wooden table.  There is a chair near the middle of the room.This is a new room painted in purples, with a dark purple wall on the left, a light purple wall on the right, and a purple flower pattern on the far wall. There is a blond wooden desk against the far wall, with a computer monitor and a mouse on it.In front of three windows is a desk.  On the desk are a keyboard and stapler.There are two alcoves in the far wall of the room. Next to that wall is a small desk, chair, and lamp.  In the right wall is a window will a deep sill.This is the same purple room, dark purple on the left wall, light purple on the right, purple flowered pattern on the far wall. I forgot to mention it has a window in the far left corner with a bench seat. The desk is gone, and there is a bed against the far wall, with two pillows and a cover, and a floor lamp on the right, and a small table on the left.There is a window nook in the corner of the room.  In from of the window is a piece of furniture, and next to it is a three-seater couch.This is a room with brown walls in a striped pattern, and a window with a brown bench seat in the far right corner, with a brown desk in front of it.This room has floor to ceiling windows on the left wall, tan walls on the farthest wall and right wall, and a dark red carpet, There is a big black and blond wood swirl design on the farthest wall, and in front of it is a desk and a chair, with a lamp sitting on the floor on the right, and a grey garbage can sitting on the floor on the left.This room has a dark grey wall on the left with windows, and light grey walls on the right and farthest sides. It has a brown checked floor, and a light brown wood table in the middle. There is a chair with a blond seat and dark brown wood back and legs on the left side of the table.There's a round brown table in the center of the room with a green tablecloth on it. There's a sandwich on the tablecloth.There's a brown wooden rectangular table in the center of the room. There's a decorative vase on the table.There's a brown sofa with a white table in front of it approximately in the center of the room, with a potted plant on the table. There's also an ornate window in the upper left hand corner of the room.Two chairs sit on opposite sides of a blue, square table with green legs. The chairs are pulled out at an angle to face the wall at the other end of the room.There's a brown wicker chair near the center of the right hand wall of this room, with a brown wooden coffee table nearby in the right hand corner. There's an open wooden window in the center of the northernmost wall, as well.There is a wooden floor with a round table and two chairs in the middle of it. One wall is gray and has circles cut out of it, while another wall is full of small windows.There's a round white table in the center of the room, with a gray chair next to it. There's a closed gray double door in the northeastern corner of the room, also.There's a blue table with two brown wooden chairs next to it in the center of the room near the southern wall. There's a window on the west wall, and a closed gray double door in the northeast corner.A glass top modern coffee table with a wavy base is in front of a yellow recliner. Behind the recliner to the right is a tall floor lamp with a square shade.There are 3 walls of a purple room, one has wallpaper on it while two are plain. The floor is wooden with a diamond shaped pattern on it, and there is a corner window with sitting area in the left upper corner of the room.There's a desk and chair in against the center of the northern wall, with a gray wastebasket and a lamp next to the desk. A large window takes up most of the western wall.There is a wood floor with beige area rug. There is a corner window on the upper right side, and brown patterned wallpaper walls. There is a white computer desk with keyboard and monitor against one wall.There's a round yellow table with two bowls on it in the center of the room, a window on the western wall, and some kind of decoration on the northern wall.There is an oddly shaped room with five different sized walls painted gray one third of the way up, with the rest painted black. One wall has a window. The floor is tiled with beige tile and there is a tan sofa in the middle of the room. In front of the sofa is a white coffee table with a yellow vase on it.There is a purple room with 2 plain purple walls and one purple wallpapered wall. There is a corner window with sitting area in the lefthand corner. There is a purple sofa and a tan coffee table with a mug or small flowerpot on it.There is a table in the bottom left corner of the room and a set of corner shelves in the upper right corner.There is a room with three green walls, the left wall having a window and the right wall having a gray door. The floor is a patterned wood. There is a brown desk in the left corner that is L shaped and fits on the corner touching 2 walls. There is a teal colored notebook on the desk.In the middle of the room is a short, wooden three-quarter round table with a complementary quarter round table set inside the notch of the larger table.There is a room painted blue with three walls trimmed in brown edging. The flooring has a mosaic edging and is patterned tile in a neutral color scheme. The front wall has a window with shutter that open outward. There is an octagonal shape end table in the right corner and a chair a few feet from it along the right side wall.There is a room with dark green walls, on the left wall there is a window, and on the right wall a gray door. There is a tan patterned wood floor and near the back where there is no wall,  a small blue table and two chairs.There is a table in the middle of the room with books on it. Wall to the left has 3 paneled windows and back wall has geometric design on it.Wall on the right has large outset window in it. Floor is geometric in design and the room has a table and 1 small chair at the center.Red carpeted room with windows at the far left end. Near that end is a red sofa with pillow on it as well as an oval shaped table in front of the couch.There is a black and red couch in front of a window.  A white oval coffee table faces perpendicular to the couch.  To the left of the couch is a teal pot.Large room with small, circular yellow table in the center and 1 wooden chair next to it. Upper right corner of room has a window that is in the corner of the two walls.A lone peach chair sits at a round white table.  To the right is a window.Large square room with teal square at center that looks to be carpet or a table. 4 black wheeled chairs are around the teal square and are all facing the right wall.A sandwich lies on a white table in the center of the room.  A window brings light in from the west.Teal table at center of room with 4 black chairs around it. 3 of the chairs are facing to the right of the room and one is facing to the top of the room.Round, yellow table with chair in center of room. Window in the corner.Large square empty room with a small circular glass table on the left side of the room with a large chair next to it close to the top corner as well as a small lamp in the corner.A grey loveseat sofa sits in the center of a flowery room.  A wooden coffeetable accompanies it with a houseplant on it.Blue, square table in center of room with four chairs around it. One chair is on its side.Blue-walled square room with wooden floor and one open window at the top. Small glass table in the top left corner with a white dish on top.Glass, oval table in corner of room. Wavy design on wall.Yellow, round table with a plate and sandwich on it.Small desk with a computer on it. Large windows on one wall. Circle shaped fixtures on another wall.Tiled room with a wood table with a sandwich on it.White desk with a chair against one wall. Windows on another wall.A lone wooden chair sits at a yellow table in the center of the room.  There is a corner window in the upper right hand of the room.A corner desk sits in the upper left hand corner of the room.  A door to the right and a window to the left.  On the desk there are several glass covered shelves, as well a blue reporters notebook and pencil.There is a yellow loveseat sofa with red highlights facing a white table with a yellow urn on it.  The room has blue wallpaper on the left side and silver wallpaper on the right.  There is a window and shelves in the upper right hand corner of the room.There is a desk and chair in the corner of the room and a window opposite of the desk and chair.There is a table and chair in the center of the roomThere is a desktop, table, and keyboard near the window of this room.There is a desk towards the middle of the roomThere is an end table with a lamp to the left of the window.There is a brown desk in front of the windows of this room.There is a yellow and round table close to the windows of this room.There is a dining table and four chairs in the middle of the room. It also appears  that the table has a nice design on its top.There is a room with a table near the entry doorsA room with a desk with a laptop on it and windows looking out.an empty room with a chair in the top right cornera desk in the top half of the room near the windowsa room with a chair near the window and a chair and table in the middle of the rooma window on the left wall and a small desk with a computer in the top of the rooma room with a bed in the middle and a night stand next to it.In the middle of the front wall , is a sofa and a table with a flower placed on it.a room with only three sides and a chair, table, and lamp on the upper left corner and windows on the top of the roomIn the middle of the front wall , is a gray sofa and a table .The front wall has a modern decoration.In the middle there is a table with a decoration on it.In the middle there is an office table with office items and on the back wall is  a painting.Side wall is attached with a modern shelf.On the back wall there is a window,on the left side there is a flower and on the right side there is a sofa,In front of the sofa are things for painting.Oon the back wall is a painting,In the middle there is a chair with a table and lateral wall has attached a modern shelf.In the middle there is a table,In the middle of the wall in front there is a armchair. in his side is present  a lampIn the middle of the wall is a bed with a table beside himThere is a table in the center of the room with 4 place settings, including chairs and plates. There is also a window.There is a couch against the back wall in the middle of the room, coffee table in front of it and a chair next to the coffee table across from the couch at an angle. Windows on the left wall.there is a lcd placed on a table which is situated in middle of the roomThere's a yellow table with a lamp in the center of the room. The floors are wooden and there are large windows on one side of the room and circle lights on another.The room is "L" shaped, with a window on the wall at the top part of the "L". There is  a table on the left side.empty room with big yellow ball at the center of the roomthe bed is placed in the room in middle and there is a lamp and corner tableThere is a king size bed in a Japanese style room.there is a computer table in the middle of the room and a small table alsoThere is a table in the back middle of the room, a window on the right side that comes out of the wall and two vertical indentations about 1/5 of the wall in width each along the back wall as well.There are 3 large windows on one side of the room. There is also a table in the center of the room with a large green place mat on it and an ash tray.bedroom with a green bed and it has blue bed sheet and two white pillows. A laptop is also there at the corner of bedthe room is having one bed with full blanket and two pillowsThere is a couch with a yellow pillow in the back left corner of the room, a window in the back right corner and a chair along the upper right wall.There is a room with a computer on a table along one side of the room. There are 2 doors on the left side of it and there is a large window on the opposite wall.There is a bed with a tan cover in the top of the room. There is also a brown chair next to the bed.one single bed on right side of the room and a window opposite to this bedthere is one small bed which is at middle of the room and a beautiful carpet is also there having good windowThere is a psychologists couch and a wooden chair on the north side of the wall, along side circle lights. On the west side of he wall there are windows.There is a tan couch. There is also a coffee table with a glass top.There is a desk in the top of the room.There are two windows that run the entire height of the back wall about 3/8 of the wall wide each, two sets of 3 circular indentations stacked vertically on the right wall and a yellow table in the middle.moving the chair rightone single bed ,a side table and a lamp is there in this roomThere is a square, wooden table in the center of the room. There is also a window on one of the walls.There is a desk at the top left corner.  There is a door in the top right corner.the room is having one small bed in the middle corner and one carpet is there which is right side of the bedThere is a table with a green cover with two chairs in the middle of the room.A square room with a window in the back left corner. Furnished with a bed in the center of the back wall, flanked by a nightstand and lamp.There is an orange chair to the right.  There is a yellow table in the middle of the room.There is a sectional couch that is white and a big red laz-e-boy seat. There are no walls.There are two recesses in the back wall that take up 1/5 of the width of the wall each, a full bed with pillows backed against the right wall in the middle under a window that is recessed.There is a desk in the corner of the room. There is also a picture at the top of the roomThere is a bed in the left side of the room.  There is a nightstand to the left of the bed.one tea table at the center of the room and a decorative vase on it.there is one beautiful bed in the middle of the room with good bedsheet on it and two pillows and one small box on the bedChair and couch on back wall window on left wall, wide and short.There is a couch, coffee table, and red chair in the top left corner of the roomThere is a bed at the top of the room.  A black lamp and nightstand are to the left of it.bedroom  their is a double cot bed with shofaTable with 4 chairs center of room window on left wall and double doors on the right wall.An open dining area with two large floor to ceiling windows on one wall. There is a blue table sitting on the hardwood floors.There is a desk in the top left corner.  There is a window to the right of it.there is one small dinning table and one chair which is at center of the room.their is tea table with 3 chairsThere is a yellow table with a red chair in the top left corner of the roomThere is a door in the top right corner.  There is a desk in front of the door.there is one bed and lamp is situated in the corner and one small table beside the bed.There is a table in the middle of the room.  There are windows to the left.l shaped hall , a dining table with three chairs and a blue table runner on it.there is a desk with a laptop on it in the top left corner of the roomA large sitting area with checkered carpet and a large set of three windows on the left side of the room. A couch and chair are positioned at the back wall nearer the windows.location is homethere is a dining room table with two chair at the top center of the roomthis is the main hall in homea black bed at left side of the room , a side table on the left of bed and a lamp on it.this is bed room with single cot in homeA medium sitting area with large white double door entryway across from the medium square windows. A red couch is in front of the window, and a coffee table is in front of the couch.a study table close to center wall of roomAn "L" Shaped study area with checkered carpet and one small rectangular window on the rear wall. A simple desk with pencil and paper is also on the back wall next to the window.A small dining area with large white double doors opposite a set of medium rectangular windows. A table with meals laid out surrounded by four chairs is in the center of the room.There is a yellow carpet and a shelf unit in the cornerA large sitting area with big bay windows on the left wall. Opposite the windows in the back corner is a white desk, black chair and a tall lamp."L" shaped room with a window and a shelf in the top right corner. There is a table with a lamp on it in the bottom right cornerRectangular room with three windows, along with a desk, chair, and a lampA small sitting corner with hardwood floors, two large windows, and laser cannons in the wall. In the center of the room is a coffee table with a couch and red chair accompanying.Square room with a table in the middle. Also has one windowSquare room with a desk, lamp, and chair. Also has one windowL shaped room with a desk in the corner. There is a shelf and a window above the deskSquare room with one door and one window. Room contains a desk, chair, lamp, and a garbage can.there is a laptop on a bed in a room with three windowsthere is a lamp on a table in a room with a weird design on the wall with three windowsSquare room with a couch which has a cushion on it. Square table in the center of the room with a vase. One window in the roomthere is a vase of flowers on a table with a cool design. parallel to the is a curved couch in a room with a corner window and flower wall paperthere is a vase on a table in a bland room. in front of the table is a modern couch with red pillows on it. there is also an extended window.there is a raised round table with two gray chairs. perpendicular to that is a window and a set of gray doors. the walls are swamp greenthere is a antique looking bed with red covers and pillows in a room. next to it is a recliner chair with red padding. also there are windows.there is a lamp in a room next to a table and a chair. the walls are swamp green with one window and a set of gray doorsthere is a couch in facing a single window in a room with swamp green walls and a set of gray doors. behind the couch is a table with a sculpture on it.Office with a computer desksitting area with red couch and vasebedroom with queen sized bed and nightstandOn the right side of the room there is a bed up against the wall. The bed has purple sheets on it as well as a purple headboard. There are blue pillows on top.bedroom with with king size bed and red designer chairbedroom with twin size bed and corner shelvingThere is a bed against the back wall of the room. It's a simple design, wooden with white sheets. There are white pillows on top. To the left of the bed is a chair that is wood with white material on the seat and seatback.In the center of the room sets a small yellow table. There are two plates on the table both white.dinning room with four chairs and very short tablefloral pattern wallpaper and small table with 2 pink platesOn the left side of the room sets a small desk that's a dark stained wood. There is a green chair setting up against it. On the other side of the desk is a white floor lamp.In the center of the room sets a small wooden table / coffee table. There is a chair on both the left and right side of the table.dinning room with four plates, four chairs, and four sandwichesIn the right rear corner of the room is a small yellow table. On the table sets a small lamp with a white light cover on it.There is a small wooden table in the center of the room. Around the table sets 4 chairs.There is a desk with a black and white keyboard and a red stapler on top of it.There is a yellow desk setting the rear of the room. On top of the desk sets a red stapler and a keyboard.there is a wooden table left side and a standing lamp right side of a cotThere is a computer on a desk at the top of the room.there are two chairs and a table in the middle of the roomThere is a small table at the back of the room next to a window.there is a cot white bed cover and two pillows and a chair near byThere is a room with a colorful square table in the middle on it,and a lamp on it.There is a room with a brown coffee table with a glass decorative top,and a white plate on it, and a nice decorated walls.a rectangular table and a chair in  a roomThere is a bed with a black frame and gray and white bed sheets. Next to the bed is a black floor lamp and a gray side table.There is a room with a black color bed with a silver grey sheets,white grey and black pillows,and a window.There is a desk with a black chair. Next to the desk on the right is a black and beige floor lamps and to the left is a gray trash can.There is a table with a yellow table cloth and four chairs.Against the wall on the right is a beige and white sofa. There is a coffee table next to the sofa with a blue and gray table cloth.there is a yellow color table with drawer and a design on the the wall one side is goodIn the middle of the room is a yellow table with a table lamp on it.In the left corner there is a beige and black corner sofa. There is a coffee table next to the sofa that is brown and white with a potted plant in the right upper corner.There is a tan couch and a coffee table.  There is a window in the top left corner of the room.There is a brown and black desk with a chair against the upper wall. Next to the desk are a gray trash can on the right and a brown and green floor lamp on the left.There is a bed with a black frame and white, black, and gray bed sheets. In the upper right corner there is a three-shelved shelf.a flower pot and a sofa both corner of the roomWindows cover the left wall of the room.  A desk, chair, lamp, and waste bin are placed against the top wall.A gold table is placed at the center of the room.  A large window occupies the right wall.a round yellow stool middle of the roomThere is a room with a white couch and nice white red umbrella stand next to it,nice decorated walls in pink and pink flowers on white surface.There is one corner window in the room.  There is also one large white sofa.a cot with pillow at the cornerThere is clover type wallpaper.A unique pattern on the floor.The sofa looks comfy.A lamp is placed on a gold table at the center of the room.  An open window lets light in through one wall.There is a big monitor on the table.The book shelf is roomy and empty .The floor has a distinctive pattern.The room is L shaped.  A desk and computer are placed next to a window, against one wall.There is a room with blue walls ,nice brown wooden window and a round yellow window in the middle of the room,and a lap on the top of the table.The room is painted blue with tile floors.  A sofa and coffee table occupy one corner while a potted plant occupies the other.A desk is place in front of an open window.  Next to the desk is a lamp, the only other object in the room.a roomy desk is available.The tall lamp is functional.The shutters on the window is useful.There is a room with a white desk and a lamp next to it and a brown wooden window,the room is with the blue walls.There is a table that is functional.The room is huge.There is a room with yellow round table in the middle of it,and four wooden chairs,nice green decorated walls and bog window.The bed has a pretty comforter,with cotton pillows.There is a bean bag chair nearby.There is a desk against the wall.There is a room with a blue walls and brown wooden window, a decorative flowerpot with flowers in the corner,and a black and brown cream couch with a coffee table with a glass top on it.There is 6 unique speakers in the wall.A monitor and key board.Theres a computer desk.A montor and computer is available.Dark carpet.The room has a simple desk and a lamp, which are near the window.The room is pretty much empty despite a desk near a corner, facing several windows on one wall. The walls are grey and the floor appears to be tiled.A computer monitor on thedesk.Corner window.The room is quite small and upon entering, you will see a yellow chair and a glass table, with a lamp to the left of it. The walls are dark green.The room has a couch and chair near a window. The couch is white and has a yellow pillow on it. The chair is wooden.There is a room with a glass table near the far wall and a vase on it.A conference room with high ceilings and what appears to be one window in one of the corners. There is a table with four black chairs in the center of the room.There is a desk against the wall in the room. There is a computer monitor on the desk. The desk is also near the window.The cheap white desk is between the door and the window, against the wall.An eating room with a yellow table and four red chairs. There are three windows on one wall, and the walls are olive colored.There is a room with an open wind with shudders and a small, six-sided table in a corner and wicker chair close to the tableThe small black desk is in the corner. The desk has a matching chairA room with high ceilings and a single table in the center, with no chairs. There are tall, oriental windows on one side.There is a room with an open window with shutters and a coffee table sitting near the center of the room.A vibrant room with a window in the corner, and flowered wallpaper on one wall. There is a table and one chair in the center of the room. The other walls are painted purple.A room with a yellow table and one red chair, with a unique design on one of the walls. The floor is seems to be wooden.The same room as before, now with a desk and a lamp next to it. No chair this time.There is a curvy yellow armchair against the wall in the room. There is a steel and glass coffee table in front of the chair and a lamp to the side.There is a room with two large glass windows that are sectioned on the same side and two columns of lights with three in each column along another wall.  There is a coffee table near the center with two wooden chairs on either side.there is a beige couch against the wall in the room and a black vase in the opposite corner.There is a wall papered room with a window in one corner and with a bed in another corner and a small desk next to the bed with a lamp with a blue lampshade on the deskThere is a room With a window with sectioned panes along one wall, light tan and green tile on the floor, a sectioned sofa along the wall and a coffee table with a glass top and magazines on it close to the sofa.There is a beige couch on the left side of the room. Across from it, there is a blue table with a beige vase on top.There is an open room with a wood parque floor. There is one desk with a yellow pad a pencil.a room with a wood floor and two large windows to the high ceiling. Strange circular devices on one wallBrown wall papered room with a white desk. and a corner windowi see a room that has a couch oriented towards a table with a flower pot on it. the table is almost at the middle of the room. the room is not square- it has another extension to the right.room with wood floors, strange circular devices on one wall, and two large windows to the high ceiling on another. There is a round table with two chairs.dark room with two small windows. A rectangular table seating four is in the middle of the room with plates set. There is a set of two gray double doors on another wall.this is a room with a table in the middle. it is rectangular and it has a wave pattern on the wall. there is a   triple window on the left of the room.A brown wall papered room with a floor lamp, night stand and queen sized bed. There is a corner window.A room with a checkered floor and a bay window. There is a white computer desk against the opposite wall with no chairs.A dark bedroom with a queen bed with blue comforter and three pillows. THere is a night stand. One wall is decorated with a large design and another wall has three large windows.this is a square room. the floor is brown, the walls are gray. on the top left of the room there is a green couch, a table, and a night lamp. there are some round windows on the wall opposite to the couch. there are two big windows on the other wall.this room as a brown floor; there is a triple window on the wall to the right. there is a yellow table with a night lamp on the top left corner. there is a wave pattern on the top wall.this room has gray walls. on the left wall there is a triple window rounded at the top. the floor has a grid pattern. there is a bed on the top right side of the roomthis room has green walls and a floor with a grid pattern of alternating brown tones. it has a brown couch that is facing a table with a flower pot on it in the top part. there is a window on the left wall.this room has gray walls and a floor with a grid pattern. it has a bed near the furthest wall and a chair on the left of the bed, with a night lamp between the chair and the bed. there is a triple window on the wall to the left.There is a round glass table with a chair to the right of it.  The room has pink walls with a floral wallpaper on the back wall.There is a ell shaped room with a wooden desk at the back corner.  There is a black lamp on the desk.There is a yellow round table with two plates on it.  The room has blue walls and a window on the back wall.There is an armchair with a table on the side.  There is also a floor lamp beside the armchair.  The room is ell-shaped with tiled flooring.There is a sofa with a coffee table in front of the sofa.  There is a vase on the coffee table.There is a yellow round table with a plate and a sandwich.  The room has a open window on the back wall.There is a ell-shaped room with a round glass table and a floor lamp at the lower right corner of the room.There is a bed at the upper right corner of the room.Room with a desk in the top left corner with a computer monitor and keyboard on it.This is a grey walled room with a yellow chair and a couch in it.Wood floored room with to red chairs and a coffee table.this room has a tile floor and a desk in it.  on the desk is a notepad and a staplerThe room has an alternating tile pattern, with little diamonds of white and black inbetween tan tilse. The walls are pink, and one wall is decorated by a pink floral pattern with a white background. In one corner is a L-shaped window, and in the middle of the room, there is an armchair facing the floral wall. There is a coffee table in front of the table with a lamp behind the desk.Room with window in corner of room and deck to the center-right of the room with writing tools on it.This is a violet room with a desk in it.  there is a computer monitor and mouse on the desk.There is a brown desk in the right corner of the room, to the right of the window. It has a flexible neck black desk lamp on the back of the desk near the center.this is a modern looking room with a desk in it.  on the desk is a computer monitor and a computer mouse.The room is L shaped, with a tan tiled floor with a grey grouting pattern. The walls are either black or gray, and the bottom 1/3rd of the wall has a rock pattern running along it. On the top part of the L there is a gray sofa with a modern coffee table in front of it. Behind the couch is a window facing outside.this room has grey walls, a brown couch, and a coffee table in it.  the coffee table has a clay pot on top and newspapers inside.Grid flooring room with a tan couch and yellow chair on the right side of the room.There is a rectangular medium brown table, with four dark brown wooden chairs centered on each side of the table.this is a room with patterned wallpaper and a small table in it.  the table has an empty vase on top.The large hardwood floor has a dark color, and the walls are a light brown color. On the longest wall there is a swoosh hardwood pattern, and the wall perpendicular to that is dominated by a 3-segment framed window. In the middle of the floor there is a coffee table.A green room with tile floors that has a wooden desk in the top left corner of the room.There is a white desk with three shelves under the right corner of the desk, there is a computer monitor with a mouse on top of the desk.There is a sofa near the back wall.  The sofa back is toward the windows.  There is a round object in front of the couchA wood floored room with a small side table with a small lamp on it in the corner of the room.A wood floored room with a yellow table and two chairs in the center of the room.This is a rectangular room with a couch.  there is a vase in the middle of the room.There is a bed against the wall, near the window.  There is a bedside table next to the bed.  There is a lamp on the floor in front of the table.Wood floored room with a computer desk and computer monitor and mouse on top, on the right side of the room.There is a small rectangular, light colored end table with a reading lamp centered on top. The table is not touching the wall and is in the upper right corner of the room.The room has an alternation tile floor that are various shades of tan. The Walls are a light, mustard green color. Their is a black patterned stripe running along the top 1/3rd of the walls, and under that is a turkish square pattern that is a darker shade of green. There is a desk facing the lengthwise wall, and the wall perpendicular to the desk has a window facing out of it.This room is L-shaped.  There's a bed in the corner with a nightstand next to it and a lamp on the floor in front of the nightstand.There is a desk near the windows, facing them.  There is a laptop on the floor next to the desk.There is a desk against the window wall but not below the window. There is a pencil and notebook on the desk.The floor is a light hardwood, and the walls are a grayish brown. The width-wise wall has two, large framed windows with red armchairs in front of each. The wall perpendicular to that has 6 indented circles going up the wall. They are in sets of 3 and the two sets are parallel to each other. In the middle of the floor there is a white, modern table.There is a grey sofa, centered on the top wall, three small triangular, light colored corner shelves are mounted in the far right corner of the room. There is a glass and wood coffee table with magazines on the bottom shelf, the coffee table is centered in front of the sofa.There is a set table for four in the middle of the room.  Each plate has a sandwich.Near the window, there are two swivel chairs facing each other with a low rectangular table between them.A desk faces the interior large window.  Beside it is a chair.The room features an alternating tan tile pattern floor with white and gray diamonds in the middle of the tile intersections. The walls are pink, and the lengthwise wall has a pink floral pattern over a white background. In the left corner there is a L shaped window with a windowsill, and near the right wall is a wooden desk facing the floral wall.There is a triangular window bench under a decorative corner window in the far left corner of the room. There is a rectangular dinner table angled in the center of the room with the short end of the dinner table nearest to the corner window. The table is set with four plates in front of four spindle chairs each plate has a sandwich on it.A desk is against the wall to the right of the door.  There is a computer on the desk.The room has an alternating tan tile floor with varying shades of tan. The walls are a mustard green, and there is a black pattern stripe running along the top 1/3rd of the wall. The bottom 1/3 of the wall has a dark green colored turkish pattern. The left wall has a window, and facing the opposite wall is a bed in the middle of the room. On the left side of the bed is a small table and a lamp.There is a window on the side wall, and two black office chairs opposite a long table of blue and black that sits in the middle of the room. The table and chairs are near the end of the room by the window, and are near the shelves in the corner of the room.The floor is a tan tile pattern, with black and gray diamonds in the intersections of the tiles. The walls are pink, and the north wall has a pink floral pattern over a white background. In the left corner there is an L shaped window with a windowsill, and in the middle is a table facing diagonally towards the window. The table has four chairs on it.Same room with the corner window and bench, it has a green easy chair facing the far wall with a three drawer coffee table directly in front of the chair and a tall corner type reading lamp positioned near the far right corner of the table.Corner window with a large windowsill.  A white table with a black chair and a stand-alone lamp near the back wall.The white three shelf desk with the monitor and keyboard centered on the top, angled in the far left corner of the room.A bed with a night stand on each side. Circular impressions on the wall behind the bed. Two windows on the left adjacent wall.There is a lamp on the right side of the room.There is a set table and four chairs in the center of the room.A bed in the center of the back wall. Stand alone lamp on one side and a night stand on another.There is a small table and two chairs in the center of the room.wood table and four wood chairs in the center of the room.  corner window in the back with a large windowsillThere is a set of doors on the right side of the room.There is a bed in the center of the room with a blue blanket. There is a lamp of the left side of the bed.The room is very square and the walls are green.table with two chairs opposite of each other in the middle of the room. a window on one side a door on the other.couch centered against back wall. plant nearby. table in front of couch.The bay window allows the room to have plenty of light. There is a dining table in the middle of the room with four chairs.The walls are loud. There is a table with four chairs in the center of the room.There is a desk in the upper right corner of the room.There is a bed in the back right corner with a blue pillow and a checkered blanket. There is a window in the adjacent corner.The color scheme of this room is very neutral. There is a fern next to the sofa.There is a bed in the center of the wall. There is a lamp to the left of the bed.bed centered on one wall. a night stand on each side. night stands awkwardly arranged near bed. lamp in the distanceThere is a circular table in the corner next to a nondescript lamb. There is a window in the back of the room against a night sky background.There is a tan sofa against the wall. In front of it is a wooden table with a tan vase atop it.circular table with 4 chairs each at 90 degree intervals. plates directly in front of chairs on table.There is a small table with two chairs in the center of the room. The walls are green, with a light colored floor.There is a table, chair, and lamp in the right corner of the room. The room has a nice sized window in the adjacent corner and pretty flower wallpaper on the back wall.This room has a girly aura. Beautiful purple flowers adorn the accent wall.There is a sofa, a small coffee table, and a lamp in this small, oddly shaped room.There is a tan sofa with a wooden coffee table in front of it. Next to the sofa is a plant that is sitting on the floor.The dark colors give this room a depressing feel. The white table stands out in the room.There is a white desk against the back wall. On the desk is a computer monitor with a Windows OS desktop on the screen and a small, wired computer mouse next to the monitor.There is a table and chair, with a lamp nearby. The corner window provides plenty of light.The shades of brown compliment each other in this room well. There is a table with a small, gray vase.There are four chairs sitting around a yellow circular table. Four plates adorn the table with a sandwich on each.There is a corner window seat in the upper left hand corner of the room. There is a glass table with a tan chair next to it. The back wall of the room is covered in floral wallpaper.The room is blue. There is a window with shutters opening to the outside on the back wall. There is a wooden desk with drawers, and a desk lamp on top of it in the upper right hand corner of the room.The walls are an olive green. There is a double door that looks to be glass on the right hand wall. On the left hand wall there is a double window. There is a desk with drawers, and a desk top computer at the upper right hand corner of the room.The floors are wooden/parkay.The walls are taupe, and the floor is wooden. There are circular decorative objects on one wall, and 2 floor to ceiling soji screen style multi paneled windows on the other wall. There is a small desk with a wooden chair beside it.The walls are blue, and the floor looks to be tiled. There is a window on the back wall, that has shutters opening outward and wooden scroll work surrounding the frame. Toward to upper right hand corner of the room is a yellow pedestal table with 2 white plates on top of it.Blue walls, and a tiled floor with a wood framed window on the back wall. The window appears to have shutters opening to the outside, and wooden scroll work around it. There is a yellow pedestal table toward the mid back of the room. There is a plate with pancakes on top of the table.The room is L shaped with two black walls, and 3 gray or metal toned walls with a black trim. All walls have a chair rail high accent wallpaper. The back window is multi paneled, and has a desk with three drawers in it, and a lamp atop of it.Taupe colored walls with an accent wall possessing a textured art piece that looks to have wooden waves. The wall on the left hand side has 3 multi paneled walls side by side spanning most of the wall. The floor looks to be hardwood. There is a coffee table in the center of the room that is wooden, with a glass panel in the center.There is a bed, a lamp and a nightstand in the green room. They are in the corner next to the window.There is a couch and vase at the north wall, to the right is a door and a window on the left.There is a clear glass table in the middle of the room. There is a blue chair on one side of the table (the short side)There is a table in the middle of the room with a plate on it.There is a bed to sitting next to the window.There is a desk and a black and yellow skull poster against the wall in the room, in between the window and the door.There is a table sitting in front of a couch next to the window.There is a desk and a computer against the wall in  the green room. It is on the wall between the window and the door.There is a glass table at the top right of the room. There are chairs on both sides.There is a couch in the corner. Next to it is a coffee table with a plant on it.There is a blue table with green legs in the center of the room. There are two white plates on top of the table.There is a bed with a night stand to the right of it.There is a four-legged wooden table centered in an olive colored room with a white plate on it. There is a sandwich on the plate.There is silver double doors on one side of the table. The doors are closed. There is a double-paneled window directly across from the double doors.In the center of the room, a red chair faces sits. Behind it is a glass coffee table and a lamp.There is a large wooden table in the center of the room. There are 4 chairs (also wood) around the table on two sides.There is a desk at the bottom right of the room with a lamp on it.There is a bed in the corner, with a lamp on the left and a side table on the right.There is a big rectangular table in the middle of the room.In the corner of the room near the window there is a tan couch, small white table, and a brown chair.There is a double desk in the top left corner of the room. It has two stools, each with a light in front. There is also a painting of Princess Amidala in the bottom right corner on the wall.In the corner of the room, there is a white desk with a keyboard and a blue stapler.There is a couch behind a coffee table on the left side of the room.In the room against the plain wall there is a gray desk with two gray stools in front of it.In the center of the room, there is a coffee table with newspapers on top. To the left of it is a floor lamp, to the right a white chair.In the center of the room, there is a coffee table and a brown couch next to it. Near the couch is a small potted plant.In the top left corner of the room is a black corner-couch with a blue pillow in the center. Next to it sits a black easy chair.At the top of the room is a single wooden chair. To the right is a matching round table.There is a brown armchair against the wall of an olive-green colored room. One wall is white. In front of the arm chair there is a wooden-coffee table with a glass-top and two newspaper underneath. There are silver, closed, double doors on one side of the armchair. On the wall across from the double doors there is a double-panel window.There is a wooden, three-drawer desk against the wall of an olive-green colored room. One wall adjacent to the desk is white. There are silver, closed, double doors on the left side of the desk. On the wall across from the double doors there is a four-panel window.There is a wooden, three-drawer desk against the wall of an olive-green colored room. One wall adjacent to the desk is white. The floor of the room is in a wooden pattern. There are silver, closed, double doors on the right wall adjacent to the wall the desk is against. There is a brown, fabric, office chair with five-metal legs with wheels facing the wall to the right of the desk. There is a silver desk-lamp on the top of the desk to the left, and a silver trash can to the right of the desk on the floor. On the wall across from the double doors there is a four-panel window.table in middle of the room, the table is set for food, there are green walls, one window and a grey doorthere is a grey sofa in the room, there is a coffee table with magazines on it, there are green walls, one window and a grey doorThere is a white, six-drawer desk in the center of an olive-green colored room. The desk is slightly closer to the wall that has a window on it. There is a brown-wooden chair with four legs in front of the desk. The desk also has a white space organizer above it with a cabinet and five storage spaces. There is a floor lamp to the right of the desk with a taupe lamp with a beige lamp shade. One wall adjacent to the desk is white. The floor of the room is in a wooden pattern. There are silver, closed, double doors on the  wall behind the desk.  On the wall across from the double doors there is a four-panel window.There is a wooden four-legged chair to the left of a round wooden-table in olive-green colored room. One wall in the room is white. The floor of the room is in a wooden pattern. There are silver, closed, double doors to the right of the table.  On the wall across from the double doors there is a four-panel window.There is a bed toward the top center of the room and a silver door to the right.There is a brown table with a white plate on it in the center of the room. The walls are green.There is a desk with a computer and mouse on it.There is a double layer desk with a chair against the north wall of the room.A flower vase in the middle of the room with a red flower in it. Vase is sitting on top of a table and has 2 newspapers in it.A desk in the top left corner of the room with a notepad and pen sitting on top of it.There is a double bed against the north wall of the room. There are two white pillows, one gray pillow, and one brown throw pillow.There is a black, white, and gray double bed against the north wall of the room. There is a nightstand to the left of the bed.There's a round table in the middle of the room. There's four chairs around the table, 2 brown and 2 tan. The one chair is sitting further away from the table than the others.There is a colorful table towards the north wall of the room with a desk lamp on it.There is a couch and a coffee table in front of it.There is a gray-framed sofa in olive-green colored room with red fabric and three toss pillow son it; one pillow is gray, and two slightly larger rectangular pillows are white. There is a glass coffee table in front of the sofa with a silver and black detailed-vase on it. The base of the coffee table is a silver material in the form of a wave. One wall in the room is white. The floor of the room is in a wooden pattern. There are silver, closed, double doors to the right of the table.  On the wall across from the double doors there is a four-panel window.A fancy rectangle table is sitting in the middle of the room with a sandwich sitting on top of it. Sandwich has a toothpick thru a olive in it.There is a double bed, a nightstand next to it, and a lamp.A couch is sitting along the center left wall and there is a red waste bin sitting next to the couch. The waste bin is clear and cylinder shaped with red beams as the stand.There is a wooden-pattern six-drawer desk in olive-green colored room. The desk has a space organizer above it and has silver details both on the side of the desk, as well as in the space saver and drawers. There is a brown fabric desk chairs with five metal legs with wheels in front of the desk. One wall in the room is white. The floor of the room is in a wooden pattern. There are silver, closed, double doors directly behind the desk.  On the wall across from the double doors there is a four-panel window.There is a brown desk in the top center of the room. Desk has a black top which has a notepad, clear pen, and black pen sitting on top of it.There is a table with plates of food on it in the room.There is a desk with a computer on it.there is a circular table with a plate of bread in the center of the room.There is a grey futon along the right center wall. Has red pillows on it. In front of the futon is a glass desk with a grey pottery vase sitting on top of it.there is a big desk in the center of the room. there is a keyboard on it.there is a circular table with two empty plate on it.There is a brown desk with a pad on it near the corner of the room.There is a small, long table in the center of the room.There is a bed with pillows and a pink blanket in the room.There is a chair and a glass table almost in the middle of the roomThere is a bed against the wall and a chair next to it.There is a sofa against the wall under half of the window, a coffee table in front of it, and a chair next to the coffee table.There is a table in the middle of the room with a vase and newspapers on it.There is an oval glass table with four chairs around it.  Only two of the chairs match.There is a tan couch in the middle of the room with a coffee table in front of it. There are newspapers on the coffee table.There is a small table and a chair against the wall.There is a couch against the wall and a small brown table in front of it.  The table has a vase.There is a table by a window. there is a chair between the table and the windowthere is a queen bed with red covers in the middle of the room, against the farthest wallthere is a desk in the center of the room. a chair faces the desk, in between the viewer and it.a large desk is against the farthest wall.a small desk is against the farthest wall.a desk and chair are against the farthest wall. a lamp is to the right and a trash bin to the left of this.a desk is under a window on the left wall.a coffee table is in the middle of the room, with easy chairs on either side of it.This is a room with green-colored walls, a wood parquet floor, one window, a double door, and an end table with a lamp on top in the corner.This room has a writing desk with a letter in it.This room has dark green walls, a wood parquet floor, one window and a double door. In the middle is a table that looks like it is made of etched glass and two chairs on either side.This room is empty except for a brown lounging sofa with two yellow pillows, a white coffee table in a modern shape, and a white chair. They are arranged in a typical living room configuration.In just left of center in the room is a desk with a black top and wooden shelves. On top of the desk is a large black flat-screen computer and a white monitor.On the back wall is a beige three-sectioned couch. Directly across from the couch is a wooden coffee table with a glass center, and I can see a plant on top and a magazine on the bottom visible through the glass.Just down center in the room is a wooden desk which includes a filing cabinet underneath. On top of the desk is a black and grey keyboard and an unidentifiable small rectangular blue object.To the left of the door is a white desk with a grey base. On top of the desk is a black computer monitor and a grey keyboard.A bed sits with the head in the corner to the right of a window.  Across the room from the foot of the bed is a set of double doors.There is a bed in the center of the room. To the left of the headboard is a nightstand and a floor lamp.A round table sits in the center of the room.  Atop the table sits a sandwich.  A sandwich is also lodged in the wall to the left of the entrance door.There is a desk in the corner of the room by the window.A table with a symbol that is similar to a ying yang sits in the center of the room.  Surrounding the table are four office chairs.empty room with a glass top chest next to the wall with the doorThere is a bed against the wall of the room. There is a laptop on the bed.desk with chair and floor lamp with trash can against wall nest to door.A table sits in the upper middle of the room, equidistant from the door and the window.  Atop the table sits a chair with its back legs hanging off.empty room with one desk in the center.There is an office desk against the wall. There is a computer monitor and mouse on top of the table.As you enter the room, to your right  is a coffee table.  Next to the coffee table sits a desk and then a lamp.white round table with a bowl of tomatoes next to the door.In the top center of the room is a bed.  To the right of the bed sits a nightstand with a lamp decorated with a tie-die pattern.big rectangular tile top table in the middle of the room.  A lamp with a striped lampshade is on the table.A bed sits in the room with nothing but a mattress and an open laptop on it.  The head of the bed faces the window.A desk with a notepad on it is against the wall under the window.A computer desk sits at the top middle of the room against the wall.  To the left of the desk sits a computer tower.Three sheet of glass serving as a table are in the middle of the room.  A chair is next to it facing the door with a lamp on the floor.A bed with a wood frame is in the corner next to the window.  It is directly across from the door.There is a desk with a desk lamp and blue place mat, facing the window.There is a brown desk on the back wall of the room with a blue pad and white notebook and pen on it.There is a small multicolored coffee table in the corner of the room.There is a tan couch under the window in the room with a brown table with a green plant on it in front of it.there is a bed, next to a bedside table and a lamp in the middle of the roomThere is a tan desk on the back wall of the room with a keyboard, mouse, and computer monitor on it. The computer monitor shows the Windows symbol.there is a table with a book on top of a blue place mat in front of the window.There is a white couch with a yellow pillow on it in the corner of the room. There is a yellow chair, under the window, next to the couch.there is a desk with a blue notebook facing the north wall.There is a two tiered brown desk in the corner of the room with the drawers ajar. On the same wall, there is a gray lamp next to the door.there is a red queen bed near the window, next to a night stand and a standing lamp in the corner of the room.There is a tan table in the middle of the room. On the far side of the table there is a red, wheeled chair. On the nearer side of the table there is a yellow chair.there is a yellow round table with a white object near the center of the room.There is a dark brown desk in the middle of the room with a black stapler and yellow notepad on top of it.there is a long coffee table in the center of the room.There is a coffee table a wooden chair and a lamp in the room.In the corner of the room there is a tan desk with a black laptop on top of it.there is a desk and a laptop on the desk.There is a table top side of the room.There is a black bed with a silver grey sheets and pillows,a black nightstand  next to the bed and a lamp on the nightstand in the room.There is a table center of the room with blue cloth.There is a square colorful table with two chairs in the room.There is a table top side of the room.There is a table top side of the roomThere is a white desk and a art picture on the wall in the room.There is a light top side of the roomThere is a showba top side of the roomThere is a white desk monitor,keyboard and a mouse on it in the room.There is a bed with billow ,towel top side of the roomThere is a table with light right side of the room.There is a light brown couch,wooden coffee table and vase on it in the room.There is a round yellow table and a chair in the room.There are two green chairs with a round white table between them.There is a brown desk in front of a window and a tall lamp with a square shade in the corner.There is a round table with two metal bases and a glass top with two round plates on it.There is a bed with a pink and yellow floral blanket and a square nightstand.There is  a round yellow table with a chair in the middle of the room.There is a yellow table with a round white plate and a sandwich. The sandwich has a toothpick with an olive holding it together.There is a wooden bed with white sheets and comforter and two white pillows up against the wall.There is a brown table with a blue table cloth and a long blue table runner with two black wicker chairs with white cushions.There is a couch and a table on the left hand side of the room.There is table on the right hand side of the room.There is a desk on the left hand side of the room.There is a bed against the center of a wall, a brown chair to the right of the bed, and a gray double door to its left.In the upper half of the room is a table and four chairs.In the center of the room is a small table and two chairs.There are four slices of pizza on a round table, and three wooden chairs lying on the floor.In the lower left hand of the room is a small table and a single chair.There is a black laptop on a pick comforter.There is a desk with a computer in the center of the room.There is a wooden computer desk in the room with a large monitor on top of it.In the upper center of the room is a table and two chairs.There is a black computer desk and monitor sitting in the middle of the room.A blue ruler and pad of paper are sitting on a brown desk.A flat panel monitor is on top of a wooden desk in the corner of the room.There is a table with a TV on itA flat panel monitor and white computer mouse sit on a desk in the room.There is a table with a lamp on it.There is in the middle of the front wall a sofa and an armchair.There is a table in the middle with a decoration on it.There is on the left side a sofa and a lamp.There is on the right side a desk with a chair and a lamp near.There is a desk table in the middle,   with a keyboard and a stapler .There is in the middle of the front wall a desk with a computer on it.There is a desk against the far wall. There is a poster hanging on the far wall above the desk.There is a multicolored table in the center of the room. Around the table are four red and gray chairs.There is a couch against the near wall. There is a glass table with a flower on it in front of the couch.There is a glass-topped coffee table in the center of the room. On one side of the table is a chair, and on the other side of the table is a floor lamp.There is a white desk. To one side of the desk is a floor lamp.There is a large sofa in the corner of the room. There is a large vase next to the sofa.There is a couch in front of the window. There is a wooden table in front of the couch.There is a desk in the corner of the room. On the desk are a keyboard and a blue stapler.There is a small yellow table near the back wall of the room. There is a floor lamp next to the table.There is a yellow table in the middle of the room with a white plate on top of it.In the corner there is a floor lamp. Next to the lamp is a chair, and next to the chair there is a brown table.There is a white table near the middle of the room with a lamp on the floor next to it.There is a green room with hardwood floors. There is a window on one side of the room. In the corner of the room, there is a brown desk with a red chair. On the opposite wall of the window is the door.There is a white desk in the corner of the room with a computer chair beside it.This is a green room with one window and a wood floor. There is a coffee table in the middle of the room with two chairs.Near the window there is a wooden table. Two wooden chairs are opposite each other at the table.The green room has a glass table in it. The table has an S shaped stand with a brown vase on it.There is a gray couch against the wall. In front of the couch there is a glass coffee table with a vase of flowers.The green room has a glass table in it. There are two chairs, but they are not standing up. They are both laid on their side and are different colors.There is a couch in front of the window. In front of the couch there is a wooden coffee table.There is a white desk in the corner of the room. You can see out the window from the desk. The desk has a gray desk chair.There is a green chair in the corner to the left of a black bed.  The bed has a gray comforter covering it and two white pillows.The bedroom has green walls and a green chair next to the bed. The bed is black with gray sheets.The office has green walls and a window. There is a white desk with a floor lamp. The desk chair is gray.There is a brown desk with three drawers against the back wall.  It has a blue desk chair in front of the desk and a grey lamp on top of the desk.There is a green room with a floor lamp. There is also a brown chair and table in the room.A room with double glass doors, a double window, and a large gray bed with a black base.  The bed has a black head board with large with pillows, small black throw pillows and a dark gray blanket folded on the bed.  There is also a chair next to the bed and a markee tiled wood floor.There are two overturned chairs at the front of the room on either side of an oval-shaped glass table.  One chair is brown and the other is gray.There is a black bed in front of the window with a gray comforter and two white pillows.  There is also a light brown chair to the right of the bed and against the wall.A room that is green with a double glass door and a tiled wooden floor.  Against the wal to the right of the door is a wood desk with three drawers on the lower right hand side.  There is a purple wheeled chair and a metal desk lamp.  Across from the glass door is a window with a wooden ledge over the top of it.  There is a dark brown crown molding on the walls and dark brown floorboards as well.There is a white desk against the back wall with a gray desk chair in front of it.  There is also a gray and red desk lamp that is floating slightly to the right of the desk.There is a brown bed against the window with a pink comforter, two pink and white pillows, and a few brown pillows.  To the left of the bed (while facing the window), there is a brown chair.There is a white desk with three shelves on the lower right hand side, one shelf runs to the back side of the desk, in the center of a wall that is to the right of a glass double door.  There is a desk lamp that is not actually on the desk with dark wood hinges and base.  There is a chair at the desk that is light gray with 5 legs and a circular seat.  There is also a round hole on the bottom right back side of the desk.Small room with a bed and a drawer.Medium room with a black bed and a chair.A living room with two single couches and a round table.There is a brown, wooden desk to the right of the window with many drawers on either side of it.  There is also a yellow notepad and stapler on the top of the desk.Living room with a two seater couch and a glass rectangle table.A small room with a desk and a computer.The room has a light green chair with arm rests next to a grey bet with a black head board and base in the center of  the wall.  The chair has four feet.  The beds comforter has a diamond pattern in it.Glass table with a cup.Small wacky table with two cups.There is a wood-framed bed with all white sheets and pillows against the back wall.  To the right of the bed is a small nightstand with a wooden block and some pieces of pottery stacked on it.Bedroom that has a bed, a lamp, and a small chair.There is a yellow table with four chairs in the center of the room.  There is a light tan chair with a fabric and four gray legs.  There is a wood chair with wire metal legs and frame.  The back of this chair is indented and angular.  There is a square wood chair with dark brown fabric on it.  Finally, there is a light wood folding chair, askew from the table.There is a gray bed under a window. Beside the bed is a white and black nightstand with a red lamp on it, which has a black shade.There is a dark wood desk with a dark blue mat on top of it and a wooden chair to the right of the door.  The desk has a light golden trim around the edges and a gray lamp next to it.There is a tall table with a glass top and black legs with a black and black chair in the front of the room.A wood table with a gray stripe that is imbedded into the table and a blue glass rectangles on either side of the stripe.  There are four fabric chairs all facing the table.There is a dark red arm chair and a corner couch that is black with a blue throw pillow next to the chair.There is a wooden coffee table with two magazines under the top on the right side of the room near the door.There are four black office chairs around a table in the center of the room. The table has a design similar to the yin-yang symbol, contrasting black and beigeThere are four white chairs with red cushions surrounding a table in the center of the room. The table has a mosaic-style multicolored top with long, thin metallic legs.There is a black and gray bed with a gray nightstand and a stand-up lamp in the back left corner of the room. The stand-up lamp is all black with the pole being consecutive balls put together.In the center of the room is a white chair, and black and gray stand-up lamp, and a wooden coffee table with two magazines underneath.There is a wooden computer desk in the back of the room with a windows computer screen and mouse on it.Three green/brown walls. One door. One window. Wood floors.3 brown/green walls. One door. One window. Wooden floors. No ceiling.3 brown/green walls. One door. One window. Wooden floors. No ceiling. One Chair, and one couch.3 brown/green walls. One door. One window. Wooden floors. No ceiling. One nightstand and one bed.3 brown/green walls. One door. One window. Wooden floors. No ceiling. One bed.3 brown/green walls. One door. One window. Wooden floors. No ceiling. One couch, and coffee table.3 brown/green walls. One door. One window. Wooden floors. No ceiling. One computer with desk.3 brown/green walls. One door. One window. Wooden floors. No ceiling. One nightstand, one lamp, and one bed.There is a bed with two light green pillows and a purple bedspread in the center of the room.  There is a black laptop with a Windows logo on the left side of the bed when facing the bed from the foot of the bed.There is a beige sofa facing the door placed in the center of the room.  There is a square,dark wooden table in front of the sofa.  There is a gray vase placed in the center of the table.there is a table near the windowthere is a table in the center of the hallthere is a yellow color circle shaped furniture in the center of the hallThere is a loveseat placed on the wall where the door is located.  As you face the door, the love seat is to the right.  The body of the love seat is dark gray and the cushions and seat are light gray.  There are two burgundy pillows on the left side of the love seat.  There is a rectangular coffee table placed in front of the couch.  The table is light gray, almost sthe same color as the love seat cushions with white trim on the left side and the side closest to the love seat.  There are two perpendicular white stripes on the table, about 1/4 of the way in from the ends of the table.there is a table with night lamp in one end of the hallthere is a piano like furniture near the window and a lamp near itthere is a brown color table and black color seater in the center of the hallThe double doors of the room are to the right and there is a window to the left.  Looking straight ahead, there is a small dark wooden writing desk with 3 drawers on either side and one in the middle.  There appears to be a dark gray writing surface in the center of the desk pushed closest to the area the chair would be placed.  There also appears to be a blank piece of paper on the writing surface.there is a round white and black table near the doorthere is a wooden chair,storage furniture and a lamp in the hallThere is a multicolored table in the center of the room.  It looks like a small kitchen table.  There is a chair on the side of the table closest to the door.  It appears to be a medium tone wooden chair with dark brown cushions on the back and seat.There is a light brown wooden square table on the back wall as you face the room with the window on the right and the door on the left.  There is a light gray chair to the right of the table facing the center of the room.There is a dark brown coffee table directly in front of the door and centered between the door and window.  There is a light purple runner centered on the coffee table.  Placed on top of the runner is a tall slim dark green vase with a bright red flower in it.There is a bright multicolored kitchen table in the center of the room with two gray chairs placed on the two sides of the table closest to the door and window.There is a table in the left corner of the room.There is a sofa and chair in the room with table.There is a table .cup on the table in the roomThere is a table and table lamp in the room.There is a table and chair and lamb in the roomthere is a table and candle and Fruits in the roomThere is a sofa and front of table in the room.there is a table and paper in the roomThere is a table and chair center of the room.there is a coach in the room side. there is a trash and table and paperThere is a table and keyboard top on the room.there is a table and around chair in the roomthere is a bed and table and table lamp in the roomthere is table and fruits and table lamb in the roomthere is a white chair in the middle of the room with a oval shaped table next to it with a lamp sitting on the oval tablethere is a coach and table and flowers pats in the roomthere is a round table and two chair in the roomthere is a brown sofa in between the right and left wall  with a brown wooden table in front of it , on the wooden square table it is a plate with food on itthere is a wooden top desk located in between the left and right walls, with a black laptop that is open sitting on top of the deskit is a brown rectangle table near the middle of the room with two brown chairs sitting across from each other on different sides of the tableThere is a bare bed in the corner of the room. The room has a double window and double door.it is a brown desk located at the top of the room that has drawers  with a blacl laptop that is open sitting on top of itThere is an empty bookcase in the corner of the room and there is a desk on the opposite side of the room.in the middle of the room it is a circle table that is white and it also has two white chairs on either side of the tableThere is an executive desk under the windows. The chair at the desk has wheels.There is a bed with a blue pillow, a lamp and a desk are next to the bed. The bed is below a window and there is a door on the other sideIn the middle of one wall there is a flat screen television. Under the television, is a light colored desk.im the middle of the room you will see a brown rectangle table with a grey lamp sitting on the left end of the table in the corner, with a red bowl with colorful decorations on the other end of the tableThere's a computer desk up against the wall. No other furniture, just a window.There's a round table in the center of the room with two candles and a plate of fruit on it.There is a bookshelf and a computer desk side by side against the wall. There's a flower on top of the bookshelf.there is a big circle table near the middle of the room  and at the top left corner of the room you will see a brown floor lampThere is a desk up against the wall by the window.  There's an office chair at the desk, and a lamp sitting on top of the desk.In the middle of one wall is a empty shelf with a cup on the top level. There is a brown couch and white coffee table in the middle of the room.The only piece of furniture in this room is a rectangular table. There appears to be a document on the table.There's a nice wooden desk in the corner of the room looking out the window. There's a laptop sitting on top of the desk.The tan couch and the wooden coffee table in the middle of the room and facing away from the windows.There's a 3 seat couch pushed up against the wall. There's a glass-top coffee table located directly in front of the couch.There's a couch against the wall by the window. In front of the couch, there's a table that has a webbed design. Vase on the table.In the middle of the room is a large brown table. There are two candles and a bowl of fruit in the middle of the table.There is a table with four chairs around it.In the center of the large round yellow table is a pan holding a sandwich.There is a couch and a table, there is a cup on the table.There is a table, on the table  is a decoration.There is a bed, is a laptop on the bed.There is a sofa with a pillow on it and a chair near.There is a closet shelf and table desk.There is a bed,and a table with a lamp on it.There is a couch, a table and near a chair,on the table there are newspapers.There is a sofa and a table with fruits on it in the middle of the room facing rightwards.There is a sofa in the corner of the room alongside a chair.There is a desk near the entrance door with a lamp on it.There is a white table in the corner and a lamp on it.There is a table with a chair and lamp in the front of the door of the room.There is a chair, table(lamp on it) and a dustbin in the middle of the room.There is colourful table along with a chair in the middle.There is a table in front of the door with a vase on it.Empty room with bed in the middleA room with sofa in the cornerRoom with sofa in one corner and books rack in another cornerRoom with two chairs and a tableRoom with a Black L shaped sofa and around tea poyRoom with sofa set in middleTea Poy in center of the roomThere is an L shaped desk in the corner of the room, next to the window. It has a bowl of fruit and a lamp on it.There is brightly colored table at the center of the room. It is surrounded by four white chairs with red cushions.There is a brown, round table at the center of the room. It has a lamp on it with a blue shade.There is a beige couch with it's back to the wall. It has a colorful pillow with spots on it. Beside it is a brown, wicker style chair.There is a white desk against the wall. It has a monitor, a keyboard and a mouse on it.Against the window is a beige sofa. A plant is to it's right. To it's left, against the wall is a book shelf.A wood desk is against the back wall. A blue notepad and yellow pencil sit on it.A Black Sabbath poster is on the back wall. A light wood desk is just in front of it.There is a table and showcase the corner of the room.There is a sofa left side corner and table top side room.There is a white desk near the top left of the room with a blue notepad and pen sitting on top.In the corner of the room there is a cup board and a sofa with cushion on the right side.There is a gray dresser with a blue vase on top.  There is also an empty white computer desk.There is a table in center of  the room.There is a colorful square patterned table in the top middle of the room with a sandwich on a plate that appears to have lettuce in the sandwich and mustard on top.There is a wood desk with a black colored top in the middle of the room with an open laptop sitting on the surface.There is a bed .Right side table for bed in the room.There is brown table with ornate legs.  A pink plate is on the table.There is an empty bookshelf, a gray sofa with two cushions and a potted plant on the floor of an otherwise empty room.The room has brown flooring.It has a window.There is a coffee table in the middle of the room with a bowl of apples and oranges inside.  Above the table there is a brown reclining coach with two lighter brown pillows in the right corner.There is a white desk with a white desk lamp.  A green fruit bowl is on the desk.There is a table and four side chair center of the table.in a room with a window to one side and double glass doors to the other, there is a square table in the middle of the room with a single plate on top of it.There is a couch and a coffee table on the left side of the room. There is a shelf with a coffee cup on it on the right side of the room.There is a colorful square table that has a square pattern in many different color hues next to the doors.  Under the table is a yellow chair with extra cushioning and odd shaped arm rests that sits low to the ground.There is a white desk with cubby holes.  A black computer keyboard and stapler are on the desk.There is a bed with greay and black bedding on the left side of the room. There is a white nightstand next to it, and a tall white floor lamp next to the table.In a room with a window to one side and double glass doors to the other there is a computer table in the middle of the room with a keyboard tucked away and a computer monitor on top of it with a Windows logo on it.Along the top wall there is an empty light wood desk with many doors and a darker stained book case with a vase sitting on top.  The white vase appears to have a red Pegasus design on it.There is a multi-colored table in the center of the room. It is surrounded by four gray and red chairs.There is a table and note bade ,pen on the table.There is a tan sofa against the far wall.  A glass top coffee table with two newspapers underneath is in front of the sofa.  The right hand wall haswood and metal shelving divided into three sections with a coffee mug on top of the middle section.There is a table and table lamp on the table .There is a brown couch in front of the window on the left side of the room. There is a gray and black coffee table with flowers on it in front of the couch.In the top left corner of the room is a floor lamp with a white shade.  Directly besides the lamp is a black bed with gray patterned bedding, white and black pillows, that is made to perfection.  The bed has a decent size headboard that is pushed up against the top wall.  Next to the otherside of the bed is a dark wood night stand.There is is table and lame on the table of the room.Directly in the middle of the room is a cream colored desk with a monitor on top.  Next to the monitor is a computer mouse.There is a wood desk with a blotter under the window on the left side of the room.  To the right of the desk is a wood bookshelf divided into two sections with three shelves on each side.In the room with window and double glass doors there is a long green sofa with a coffee table with glass top and below it are two copies of the Financial Times.  There is a bookshelf with many books and on top of it is a mug with a handle.There is a brown and black dest on the back wall of the room. The desk has a sculpture and a container on it.There is a desk in the front of the room. There is a lamp on the desk.There is a bed with a lamp on the left and an end table to the right.There s a white bed with a grey chair on the left.There is a white table with 4 brown chairs around it.There is a brown couch on the upper left side of the room. There is a trash can next to the couch. There is a glass coffee table to the right of the couch.In the room with window an double glass doors there is a long office desk with a laptop on top of it and what looks like maybe a hard drive attached by cable.  There is also a stapler nearby.There is a desk to the right of the door and a shelf to the right of the window.There is a brown chaise lounge on the back wall. There is a plant to the right of the couch.There is a large brown shelf and red couch beneath the window.In the room window and double glass doors there is a table with colorful top and four modern designed chairs around it.There is a small desk on the right wall and small shelf.There is a small desk. The monitor , keyboard, and mouse are on the floor in front of it.In the room with window and double glass doors there is a gray sofa with two cushions and a coffee table with two issues of the Financial Times underneath the glass.  There is a garbage basket to the side.There is a modern styled blue desk on the far wall.In the room with window and double glass doors there is a table/shelf with a modern designed lamp without a bulb on top of it and a metal cage basket holding two apples with two additional apples on top of the cover.There is a gray sofa against the far wall with two red throw pillows on the left side.  There is a small plant on the floor to the right of the sofa.  There is an empty wooden bookshelf with four shelves in the corner to the left of the sofaThe there is a white bed with two pillow against the far wall.  There is a white floor lamp to the left of the bed and a wood nightstand to the right.There is a table, two chairs are near and on the table is a decoration.There is a table and four chairs near.There is a table and two chairs near,on the table are two plates.There is a table and a chair near.